From Russia, with love game NEW YORK -- Whom do we blame for what happened last night -- a Russian woman Svetlana Kuznetsova taking home the US Open tennis championship?
Above and beyond BEVERLY -- It's clear just from the title that a race like the ''Mountain Masochist Trail Run quot; isn't for everyone. It takes a certain kind of individual -- energetic, undaunted, determined -- to traverse 50 miles of wooded terrain in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, virtually nonstop, for fun.
How's that? A cricket primer Cricket has a colorful vocabulary, with terms worthy of Monty Python. Bail -- one of the wooden crosspieces that sit atop the set of stumps to form a wicket.
Paralympic team gets hand from area coach The junior varsity girls' soccer team at Bishop Fenwick High School in Peabody is going to have to do without its coach, Jennifer Walsh Beardsell, for a few weeks. She'll be in Athens working as a massage therapist for the athletes at the Paralympic Games, which begin Sept. 17.
Defining moment for NFL High-definition television and the National Football League are going to be entwined this season. All ABC and ESPN games are scheduled to be broadcast in HD. Fox plans to do as many as six games each week in HD, and CBS will do three. And each Wednesday and Thursday at 9 p.m., the NFL Network will have a 60-minute condensed ...
Looking to appeal to young people, PCs are going loud and bold Plenty of 15-year-olds would be happy to have a personal computer of their own. For Sophie Foreman of Austin, Texas, it's not enough. Her complaint: The PC is too plain.
Handling of frequent-flier miles, tickets depends on appetite for risk US Airways, the most troubled of the nation's major airlines, has had to walk a tightrope the last few months, simultaneously talking tough to its unions while telling customers their frequent-flier miles are safe and the skies are still friendly.
Olympics were hardly a total loss for Harris His team won only twice in Athens, but one of those victories was pure hoop ambrosia for Del Harris. And this is a man who has coached basketball at various locales for 44 years, guiding the likes of Moses Malone, Shaquille O'Neal, and Sidney Moncrief along the way.
Patriotism drives copter competition CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa -- Designers say it flies faster, farther, and smoother. Pilots say the latest collision-avoidance systems in the all-digital cockpit make it the safest in the air.
Without the wicket it wouldn't be cricket As the Red Sox ready for a shot at post-season play, a group of batters across town prepares for their own championship finale where they'll face an impressive lineup of -- bowlers.
Venture capitalists -- Boston's lure for start-ups Boston isn't the cheapest place to do business. Living and housing costs are steep. And you can't play golf year round.
Q amp;A Dr. Jeffrey M. Drazen on drug trial results The editors of 11 top medical journals shook up the staid world of academic publishing this past week when they decided to stop printing results of drug trials that aren't registered in a central database. Globe biotechnology reporter Jeffrey Krasner spoke with Dr. Jeffrey M. Drazen , editor-in-chief of the New England Journal of Medicine, about how the policy should ...
A fragmented look at the business of multiculturalism My friends laugh at me for watching ''Passions, quot; the campy daytime drama about occult doings in a New England hamlet. But my favorite soap is cutting-edge: It has been praised for featuring a Mexican-American family, a rare dash of color in the largely white world of recurring TV characters.
Charlotte stops Lynx to rise to top in East A record-setting start against Minnesota put the Charlotte Sting alone atop the Eastern Conference. Charlotte opened the game with a WNBA-record 21 straight points and Charlotte Smith-Taylor scored 13 in the Sting's 60-50 win over the Minnesota Lynx last night in Charlotte, N.C.
In weak job market, suits make comeback NEW YORK -- The suit is back, and America's boardrooms and bars are looking smart again.
Dolphins can't get started MIAMI -- When the Tennessee Titans were forced to start the season 24 hours early because of Hurricane Ivan, their defense was ready.
Wing failure costs Lopez second place at Monza Jose Maria Lopez lost what would have been the best result of his rookie FIA F3000 season when he was pitched into a spectacular accident after his front wing fell off.
It's looking up for Beverly biotech firm So what's a dog's life like, anyhow? Scientists at Agencourt Bioscience Corp. in Beverly know. The biotech company helped to sequence the genetic coding that makes a dog a dog. Last month, the data was added to several public databases, making it available to biomedical and veterinary researchers around the world.
Jamaicans spared direct hit from deadly hurricane PROVIDENCIALES, Turks  amp; Caicos Islands -- Hurricane Ivan dealt a mercifully glancing blow to Jamaica yesterday but immediately rebounded to a potent Category 5 storm and raged through open waters toward the Cayman Islands and Cuba. The death toll rose to 56.
For centuries, ethnic strife has been Moscow's bane MOSCOW -- Maintaining control over the North Caucasus region, where the plains of southern Russia give way to mountain ridges and the predominant faith changes from Orthodox Christianity to Islam, has been Moscow's headache for centuries.
Embezzlement seen widespread in China KAIPING, China -- In this city and many others in China, senior officials are embezzling tens of millions of dollars and fleeing overseas with their families.
N. Korea retreats on talks SEOUL -- North Korea suggested yesterday that it would not participate in further six-party negotiations over its nuclear program because of recent revelations that scientists in South Korea had illegally experimented with producing fissile material for nuclear weapons.
Europe eyes Iran on nuclear ambitions BERLIN -- Europe's major powers have agreed to set a November deadline for Iran to meet demands meant to resolve concerns that it is secretly trying to make nuclear weapons, in a confidential document made available yesterday to the Associated Press.
Citing sex trade, US to oppose loans to Venezuela WASHINGTON -- President Bush has ordered a partial cut in US assistance to Venezuela because of its alleged role in the international trafficking of women and children for sexual exploitation.
Afghan leader starts a race by dismissing key governor KABUL -- President Hamid Karzai chose the third anniversary yesterday of the Sept. 11 attacks on the United States to launch his election manifesto and to effectively dismiss a powerful governor, hours after pledging to rein in regional clan leaders.
Families Recite Names of 9/11 Victims NEW YORK - Their voices breaking, parents and grandparents of those lost on Sept. 11 stood at the World Trade Center site Saturday and marked the third anniversary of the attacks by reciting the names of the 2,749 people who died there...
I will stay army chief until 2007: Musharraf LAHORE: General Pervez Musharraf has said he will stay army chief and president until 2007, as the law now permits him to do so, the first time he has clearly stated his intention to keep both offices.
Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\accused far-rightists on Sunday of trying to incite civil war\over his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and\called for measures to curb such groups.
Minister in Pyongyang to demand explanation on blast (AFP) AFP - A government minister, now in Pyongyang, said he will seek an explanation from his North Korean hosts of a reported blast in the north of the country three days ago.
The Fight of His Life The sonorous voice is familiar around the world. No matter what the crisis of the day, Kofi Annan #39;s soft baritone always manages to convey a sense of imperturbable gravitas.
Afghan Warlord's Ouster Prompts Violence (AP) AP - Demonstrators broke into a U.N. compound in the western city of Herat on Sunday, a day after the Afghan government fired the city's warlord governor.
NASA must feel bruised by capsule #39;s botched landing Have you ever ordered, say, a new laptop online, and you were so excited about it that you kept hitting Fedex.com #39;s package tracker nine times an hour, day after day, like a lab rat flicking a lever to get his next hit of smack?
T-Mobile tries OFDM in Europe IT APPEARS THAT Germany #39;s T-Mobile has broken ranks and decided to test a complimentary IP based wireless technology,Flash-OFDM,in The Hague, the Netherlands.
Barrichello on Pole at Monza Rubens Barrichello will start tomorrow #39;s Italian Grand Prix at Monza from pole position after setting the fastest time in final qualifying of 1 minute 20.
Freshman Walker gives Irish running game a boost SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Running back Darius Walker didn #39;t play last week against Brigham Young, but Notre Dame coach Tyrone Willingham said the reason had nothing to do with any thoughts of holding Walker out as a freshman to preserve a year of eligibility.
Mayfield in Chase with win Smart pit strategy puts Jeremy Mayfield in the driver #39;s seat, while other contenders drop out. By BRANT JAMES, Times Staff Writer.
NL: Bucs slow down Astros #39; charge PITTSBURGH - The Houston Astros came into Pittsburgh as baseball #39;s hottest team. They #39;re threatening to leave town as one of the coldest.
Phils #39; Wagner livid after getting tossed The cap, glove, water cooler and bag of paper cups Billy Wagner left in his wake on the Shea Stadium field Saturday explained how he felt about his premature exit.
Iran says it won #39;t halt nuclear technology drive Iran on Sunday rejected European demands it halt its pursuit of nuclear technology but reiterated its readiness to provide assurances it would not use that technology to build atomic weapons.
Voters in Hong Kong may give opposition party its most clout since &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HONG KONG Turnout is brisk in Hong Kong where voters could give pro-democracy leaders more clout than they #39;ve had since China reclaimed the area in 1997.
Copter crash kills cleric ATHENS -- The Christian Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria was killed yesterday after an army helicopter transporting him and his entourage to a monastic enclave in northern Greece crashed into the sea, according to government and church officials.
Is That Dog Barking Up the Wrong Family Tree? DNA testing, the same technology used in human paternity disputes and criminal investigations, is increasingly being used to verify canine bloodline claims.
WTC agency sues Saudis over 9/11 The owner of the World Trade Center site announces plans to sue Saudi Arabia, three years to the day since 9/11. 
F1: Rubens gets flier Rubens Barrichello topped a record-breaking qualifying session at Monza with the fastest ever lap in Formula One to grab pole position for today #39;s Italian Grand Prix.
Iran rejects limits on nuclear technology Iran has rejected demands by Europe #39;s three major powers to abandon its uranium enrichment programme. Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid Riza Asifi said on Sunday Iran had already the technology required for 
Herat in tension as mob attacks army barracks: UN offices The capital of an Afghanistan #39;s western province was engulfed in tension as demonstrators loyal toformer governor of Herat province looted and burned local army barracks and UN 
IBM #39;s New eServer Supports AMD Dual-Core IBM is looking to get a leg up on the competition with the October 15 launch of eServer 326, a rack-mounted server that supports AMD #39;s upcoming dual-core 64-bit processor.
Mourinho Fumes At Referee Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho fired a broadside at referee Rob Styles for his decision not to award a penalty when Didier Drogba was brought down under a challenge from Ulises de la Cruz.
Losing hits veterans the hardest RICHMOND, Va. - The highest-stakes midseason race in NASCAR history shuffled playoff contenders in and out of the top 10 all night.
M #39;s Moyer heads over the hill The Seattle lefty gives up his 40th and 41st homers of the season as Boston wins 9-0. By Kirby Arnold. SEATTLE - One day after he joined baseball #39;s 40-home-run club, Manny Ramirez dragged Jamie Moyer into it.
Pudge, Guillen injured in loss Playing the Minnesota Twins can be a painful process. On Saturday night, however, it literally was for the Tigers. Not only did they lose the game, 3-2, but two star players as well.
El Salvador fires national soccer team coach after two losses The Salvadoran Soccer Federation fired national team coach Juan Ramon Paredes following two humiliating defeats in recent World Cup qualifiers, the federation said Saturday.
Lost in the Green Zone President George W. Bush and his advisers like to say that sovereignty has been returned to the Iraqis. But the heart of the Iraqi capital, where the symbols of power are most concentrated, belongs to America.
Troops Battle Militants in Iraq; 13 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants pounded central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar barrages ever, targeting the Green Zone and destroying a U.S. vehicle along a major street...
Diabetes websites too complicated Online health advice for people with diabetes is often too complex to understand, research suggests.
WPP Wins Bidding for Grey, Beating Havas, Hellman (Update1) WPP Group Inc., the world #39;s second- largest marketing and advertising company, said it won the bidding for Grey Global Group Inc.
IBM Says  #39;Go #39; on Dual-Core Opteron Servers IBM has given AMD #39;s recently announced dual-core Opteron microprocessor its stamp of approval, announcing that in mid-2005 it will ship a version of its e326 server equipped with the chips.
Ricky's world Ricky Davis wants a do-over. With his Cleveland Cavaliers near the end of a 17-win season and enjoying a rare blowout victory over visiting Utah on March 16, 2003, Davis did the unthinkable for basketball purists. He deliberately missed a shot at his own basket to pad his rebounding statistics in an attempt to record his  #64257; rst career triple-double.
Prime-time Eagles They opened their season Sept. 2 in the smallest of markets in Muncie, Ind., lucky to escape Ball State's lyric little bandbox with a 19-11 victory and luckier still that the game was not televised and broadcast back home to Boston.
Furcal issues apology for DUI arrest, returns to lineup NAMES Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal returned to the starting lineup last night after issuing a public apology for his second DUI arrest in four years.  quot;I want to say I'm sorry to Bobby Cox and also all my teammates and all the fans, the baseball fans who follow me in my career and follow the Atlanta Braves, quot; Furcal said ...
Revolution lose grip EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. --  quot;Very definitely, we're still in this, quot; maintains Pat Noonan of the bandaged and bruised but still playoff-hungry New England Revolution.
Moreno aids United Alecko Eskandarian had two goals and Jaime Moreno three assists, leading D.C. United to a 3-0 win over the Dallas Burn yesterday at Washington.
No faceoffs, just a standoff Barring a miracle (which isn't coming), the National Hockey League owners will officially shut down operations Wednesday when the collective bargaining agreement expires. Jobs will be lost, arenas will be dark, and fans will be left waiting. Both sides, entrenched in their positions, deserve equal blame for not hammering out a deal. There are no bargaining sessions scheduled, and why ...
Game plan falls short ST. PAUL -- The finality of losing usually leaves the vanquished searching for answers. Not the United States hockey team.
Despite his putting, Weir gains The only putt Mike Weir made yesterday in the Canadian Open came at a good time, a 6-footer for birdie on the 18th hole for a 1-under-par 70 that gave him a three-shot lead and left him in great shape to become the first Canadian in 50 years to win his national championship.
Mayfield jumps into chase with victory The task was clear for Jeremy Mayfield: Win the race and don't worry about the race to make NASCAR's playoffs.
Ghostzapper captures Woodward NEW YORK -- Ghostzapper, by a neck. In a thrilling stretchlong duel down the middle of the track, a gallant Ghostzapper held off Saint Liam and won yesterday's \$500,000 Woodward Stakes, one of three Grade I races at Belmont Park leading up to the Breeders' Cup Oct. 30.
Sutton has much riding on Cup So much about this week gives David Toms reason to be excited, but there is one aspect to the Ryder Cup that he is not looking forward to. His 7-year-old son Carter won't be at the proceedings.
WPP Wins Bidding for Grey, Beating Havas, Hellman (Update3) WPP Group Plc, the world #39;s second- largest marketing and advertising company, said it won the bidding for Grey Global Group Inc.
Health care, two-tier wage system threaten to ignite labor dispute Two sides with something to prove barrel down a narrow road at one another with no intention of letting up. If neither swerves at the last second, there will be a crash that inflicts heavy damage on both.
Wife tried to sway judge As the consummate  quot;corporate wife, quot; Denise Foderaro backed Frank Quattrone as he climbed the rungs to the pinnacle of Wall Street.
Hurricane force Insurance companies hit homeowners with high &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As Floridians pick up the pieces from the second devastating hurricane in less than a month, many are discovering the full effects of a decade of maneuvering 
New network layer could reduce Internet jams and improve security As more and more people get keyed into technology, computer experts are struggling for ways to fight internet traffic jams, computer worms and improve video webcasting, and a new report by Technology giants Intel has suggested that overlaying new 
BlackBerry 7100t and SureType The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a Nokia phone-organizer for mobile business professionals.
Czechs lament wasted chances Six years later, the Czech Republic has found how bitter the taste of Nagano can be. In a game very similar to their shoot-out win over Canada in the semi-final at the 2002 Olympics 
Barrichello leads Ferrari one-two in Monza Brazilian Rubens Barrichello led a Ferrari one-two in the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday to trigger a homecoming party for the Formula One champions.
Golf: Ryder rookie praise The Europeans head Stateside tomorrow for the 35th transatlantic golfing showpiece at Oakland Hills, Michigan. And the pressure is on for Donald, who travels as one of captain Bernhard Langer #39;s two wildcard choices.
ONeill has no doubts over new strike force Celtic will put Henri Camara and John Hartson together up front on Tuesday to face the might of Barcelona and Martin ONeill has no doubts about the partnership after seeing them destroy Dundee on Saturday.
Beckham praised for lifting listless Real Madrid David Beckham #39;s goal against Primera Liga newcomer Numancia was the highlight of Real Madrid #39;s first league outing in the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium this season, according to the country #39;s sports press Sunday.
HEINZE MAKES GOOD FIRST IMPRESSION Sir Alex Ferguson is not easily won over but Gabriel Heinze may just have bucked the trend at Manchester United. The 6.9million Argentina defender had a debut to remember after only linking up with his new team-mates four days before the game.
PONTING PLANNING AMERICAN MISERY Australia are out to flex their muscles against part-timers USA at the Rose Bowl tomorrow and show the world they are serious about winning the ICC Champions Trophy for the first time.
Record crowd witnesses India-Kenya match London, Sep 12.(PTI): The ICC Champions Trophy cricket match between India and Kenya at the Rose Bowl, Southampton, made a record of sorts as it was attended by a crowd of about 12,000, the highest for any match at the ground.
 #39;Dogs bite Wildcats Move over, David Carr and the 2001 Fresno State gang of lore. This year #39;s team is quickly making its own mark in the college football world.
Iran Won #39;t Abandon Nuclear Fuel Program TEHRAN, Iran Sept. 12, 2004 - Iran said Sunday it would not abandon uranium enrichment, rejecting a key demand by three European powers that have threatened to intensify pressure if Tehran does not curb its nuclear program.
Greece Fires Air Force Chief Following Deadly Helicopter Crash Greece has fired its air force chief after 17 people, including a top Greek Orthodox cleric, died in a helicopter crash Saturday. The Air Force #39;s Lieutenant General Panagiotis Papanikolaou was blamed for the 
Turnout Is Heavy for Election in Hong Kong Throngs of residents headed for polling places here on Sunday in legislative elections widely seen as a referendum on relations with mainland China.
Blasts rock Baghdad Strong explosions have shaken central Baghdad and heavy fighting has erupted in a street notorious as a rebel stronghold. The interim Iraqi government and US forces 
Freedom at Last for Pakistanis Who Aided Taliban  PUL-I-CHARKI, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Hundreds of  Pakistanis who fought alongside the Taliban against U.S-led  forces after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States  were released from an Afghan jail Sunday after nearly three  years as prisoners of war.
Israel's Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting War  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists Sunday of trying to incite civil war over  his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip and called  for measures to curb such groups.
Pakistani Forces Attack Militant Hideouts; 10 Killed  WANA, Pakistan (Reuters) - Up to ten people were killed in  fierce fighting between Pakistani security forces and al  Qaeda-linked fighters Sunday, taking the death toll to over 70  in one of the deadliest actions against the militants.
Seven Dead in Clashes After Afghan Governor Ousted  HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - At least seven supporters of  the ousted governor of Herat in western Afghanistan were killed  Sunday and 20 wounded in clashes with police and U.S. troops  after mobs burned U.N. offices, doctors said.
U.S. Middle East Project to Leave Politics Alone  DUBAI (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official appointed to a  controversial multi-million dollar project to promote democracy  in Arab countries insists he will not meddle in the politics of  the region.
Iran Says It Won't Halt Nuclear Technology Drive  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran Sunday rejected European demands it  abandon sensitive nuclear activities but reiterated its  readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions are  entirely peaceful.
Hurricane Ivan hits Caymans Hurricane Ivan is battering the Cayman Islands after moving on from Jamaica where it killed at least 14 people.
Greek debt spirals after Olympics The soaring cost of the 2004 Olympic Games looks set to drive Greece deep into debt, its prime minister warns.
Intel Officer Pleads Guilty in Abu Ghraib Case Description: Army Spec. Armin Cruz pleads guilty to maltreatment of prisoners and conspiracy to maltreat prisoners in a hearing related to the Abu Ghraib prison-abuse scandal.
Sharon says far-rightists trying to incite war Ariel Sharon, the Israeli prime minister, accused some far-rightists today of trying to incite civil war and urged measures to curb such groups, which oppose his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.
Barrichello takes Monza win Rubens Barrichello leads home Michael Schumacher to seal a Ferrari one-two at the Italian Grand Prix.
Civil servants face strike ballot Almost 300,000 civil servants will be balloted for a one-day national strike\against government plans to cut jobs.
Singer Keys cancels Jakarta show Singer Alicia Keys cancels a show in Jakarta following last week's bomb attack in the Indonesian capital.
U.S. Says N.Korea Blast Probably Not Nuclear (Reuters) Reuters - A huge explosion rocked North Korea last\week but U.S. and South Korean officials said on Sunday it was\unlikely to have been a nuclear weapons test despite the\appearance of a "peculiar cloud" over the area.
Pakistani Forces Attack Militant Hideouts; 10 Killed (Reuters) Reuters - Up to ten people were killed in\fierce fighting between Pakistani security forces and al\Qaeda-linked fighters Sunday, taking the death toll to over 70\in one of the deadliest actions against the militants.
US and Europe draw closer on setting a deadline of Iran nuclear program (AFP) AFP - The United States and Europe appeared closer to agreement ahead of a meeting of the UN nuclear watchdog over setting a deadline for Iran to allay suspicions it is secretly making atomic weapons, but Tehran insisted on its right to develop peaceful nuclear technology.
Notre Dame Bounces Back to Stun Michigan (AP) AP - Notre Dame found a familiar way to make its problems go away  #151; beat Michigan. Using the ingredients that vaulted them to wins in coach Tyrone Willingham's first eight games two years ago, the Fighting Irish used a stingy defense, an opportunistic offense and a key special teams play to beat No. 8 Michigan 28-20 on Saturday.
Afghan Prison Releases 363 Pakistanis (AP) AP - Hundreds of Pakistanis jailed for fighting alongside the Taliban were released from an Afghan prison Sunday  #151; a major gesture meant to better strained relations between the neighboring countries.
ND shows it still has a heartbeat He breathes, hitting the poor kid quarterback from Michigan so hard the Maize racing stripes flee screaming from the Blue helmet. He breathes, stripping the ball from a Michigan receiver, pouring through to stuff a punt.
UN buildings attacked in west Afghanistan after governor dismissed HERAT, Afghanistan : Two United Nations buildings in the western Afghan city of Herat were attacked by demonstrators protesting the dismissal of governor Ismael Khan, UN and police officials told AFP.
Sources: WPP Buys Grey for \$1.34 Billion  LONDON (Reuters) - British advertising company WPP Group  Plc. has won the auction for U.S. rival Grey Global, agreeing  to pay about \$1.34 billion, sources familiar with the situation  said on Sunday.
New PC Fingerprint Passwords (CBS) Instead of using all ten fingers to type in your user names and passwords when you enter a secure web site or log on to your PC, Microsoft wants you to use the tip of just one finger.
Barrichello heads Ferrari victory at Motorsport.com. Rubens Barrichello finally got the win he has been waiting for when he led Michael Schumacher across the line to take a Ferrari one-two at the Italian Grand Prix.
Federer has final obstacle: Hewitt World #39;s No.1 player must beat Australian to become first man since 1988 to win three majors in a year. By KEITH NIEBUHR, Times Staff Writer.
Ghostzapper survives dogfight Ghostzapper may have shown as much winning Saturday #39;s Grade 1, \$500,000 Woodward by a neck than he did winning previous stakes by open lengths.
All 2,749 WTC Victims Honored in N.Y. NEW YORK - Their voices breaking, parents and grandparents of those lost on Sept. 11 stood at the World Trade Center site Saturday and marked the third anniversary of the attacks by reciting the names of the 2,749 people who died there...
Iran Won't Abandon Nuclear Fuel Program TEHRAN, Iran - Iran said Sunday it would not abandon uranium enrichment, rejecting a key demand by three European powers that have threatened to intensify pressure if Tehran does not curb its nuclear program.    Foreign Ministry spokesman Hamid Reza Asefi said Iran already had the technology required for its nuclear fuel cycle, and would not reverse the situation...
Ivan moves toward the Cayman Islands Hurricane Ivan moved steadily toward the Cayman Islands and western Cuba Sunday morning with the potential to cause catastrophic damage.
Fighting in Baghdad kills eight Strong explosions and heavy fighting in central Baghdad has left at least eight people dead, the US army and witnesses said. The clashes flared as the US military pressed on with new offensives aimed at retaking 
Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N. Korea SEOUL, South Korea Sept. 12, 2004 - A large explosion occurred in the northern part of North Korea, sending a huge column of smoke into the air on an important anniversary of the communist regime, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.
Terrorism: Australia in the Crosshairs Will the deadly bombing of the Australian Embassy in Jakarta create a  quot;Madrid effect quot; in elections Down Under? The Oct. 9 vote is being hotly contested.
Battle rages in rebel stronghold, as aid workers flee Iraq US forces continued to battle Iraqis in the insurgent bastion of Falluja on Wednesday as the kidnapping of two Italian aid workers in central Baghdad prompted workers for foreign charities workers to consider leaving Iraq.
Powell: N. Korea Explosion Wasn't Nuclear SEOUL, South Korea - A large explosion occurred in the northern part of North Korea, sending a plume of smoke more than two miles wide into the air on an important anniversary of the communist regime, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday. Secretary of State Colin Powell said the explosion Thursday was not a nuclear test but that it was not known yet what caused it...
Baghdad Explosions Kill 25, Injure 100 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants pounded central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar barrages ever, targeting the Green Zone and destroying a U.S. vehicle along a major street...
At Least 13 Killed in Baghdad Fighting BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants pounded central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar barrages ever, targeting the Green Zone and destroying a U.S. vehicle along a major street...
Whacky Version of Polo Produces Jumbo Fun BANGKOK, Thailand - With a clash of mallets and the stomping of jumbo feet that shook the earth, the game was under way. Tense commands were shouted by pith helmeted players tied firmly to their two-ton mounts...
UK Ad Firm WPP Wins Bid for U.S. Rival (Reuters) Reuters - British advertising company WPP  said on\Sunday it won an auction for U.S. rival Grey Global, with what\sources familiar with the matter said was a cash-and-stock deal\worth about  #36;1.34 billion.
Land of Potatoes Aims to Be High-Tech Hotbed (Reuters) Reuters - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are\aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
PM touts China-Canada trade as Chinese firm confirms interest in Alberta oil (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - One month before a trade mission to China, Prime Minister Paul Martin said Canada must do more business with the booming Asian giant, whose economy could soon surpass that of the world's economic engine, the United States.
Iran Says It Won't Halt Nuclear Technology Drive (Reuters) Reuters - Iran Sunday rejected European demands it\abandon sensitive nuclear activities but reiterated its\readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions are\entirely peaceful.
Ivanov: Russia to Revamp Security, Seek Cooperation (Reuters) Reuters - Russia will revamp its security forces\and seek international cooperation to hunt militants in the\wake of a school siege which killed more than 300 people nine\days ago, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Sunday.
UK Ad Firm WPP Wins Bid for U.S. Rival  LONDON (Reuters) - British advertising company WPP  said on  Sunday it won an auction for U.S. rival Grey Global, with what  sources familiar with the matter said was a cash-and-stock deal  worth about \$1.34 billion.
Victorious on Gun Ban, NRA Looks Toward Elections (Reuters) Reuters - With its battle to kill the\decade-long U.S. ban on assault weapons won, the National Rifle\Association is now setting its sights on the Nov. 2\presidential and congressional elections.
Ivanov: Russia to Revamp Security, Seek Cooperation  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia will revamp its security forces  and seek international cooperation to hunt militants in the  wake of a school siege which killed more than 300 people nine  days ago, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Sunday.
Namibia expels Bangladesh workers Namibia orders the deportation of about 400 textile workers after a dispute over working conditions.
US Air Pilots Agree to New Talks US Airways and its pilots union said on Saturday that they were willing to resume talks over a \$295 million package of concessions, as time ran short for the company 
Kuznetsov wins US Open title Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova came back twice from a break down in the second set to beat compatriot Elena Dementieva 6-3, 7-5 in the final of the US Open.
Barrichello wins Italian Grand Prix Brazil #39;s Rubens Barrichello won the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday, overcoming an unscheduled pit stop to finish 1.3 seconds ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher in a 1-2 finish for the Italian team on its home circuit.
South Africa win by nine wickets Birmingham, Sept. 12 (PTI): South Africa defeated Bangladesh by nine wickets in a Group B league match of the ICC Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament at Edgbaston here today.
Land of Potatoes Aims to Be High-Tech Hotbed  NAMPA, Idaho (Reuters) - Jeffrey Moeser and his company are  aiming to change the future of home entertainment.
Genes and Biology Important in Obesity Fight By EMMA ROSS    LONDON (AP) -- Apart from upbringing and environment, scientists are discovering that genes and biology are more important in the fight against obesity than previously believed.    "The people who are not increasing their weight have something special - they are resistant to obesity," said Philippe Froguel, an obesity exert and chair of genomic medicine at Imperial College in London...
Secrets of a Salty Survivor You can learn a lot from a microbe. Right now, a tiny critter from the Dead Sea is teaching scientists new things about biotechnology, cancer, possible life on other worlds. And that's just for starters.
UK Ad Firm WPP Wins Bid for US Rival British advertising company WPP said on Sunday it won an auction for US rival Grey Global, with what sources familiar with the matter said was a cash-and-stock deal worth about \$1.
Impact of deductibles For years, the piece of paper has been tucked into Paul Carson #39;s insurance policy that outlined his hurricane deductible. He never thought about it until Hurricane Frances destroyed the garage roof of his Tamarac home.
Real #39;s Music Deal Ends RealNetworks will end its three-week  quot;Freedom of Choice quot; online music promotion this week. Over 3 million songs were purchased during the sale, the company says.
Afghanistan releases Taliban prisoners Hundreds of Pakistanis who have fought alongside the Taliban against US-led forces have been released from an Afghan jail. The 368 prisoners, the last of more than 2500 Pakistanis captured during the overthrow 
A's Beat Indians to Maintain AL West Lead (AP) AP - Rookies Bobby Crosby and Nick Swisher hit back-to-back homers in the eighth inning against Bob Howry, leading the Oakland Athletics to a 5-4 victory over the visiting Cleveland Indians on Saturday night. The A's rallied from a four-run deficit in the final three innings to keep their AL West lead.
Small College Debates Its High-Tech Gamble Small, poor and 45 minutes from the nearest town with a shopping mall, West Virginia Wesleyan College couldn't attract enough students to fill its classrooms and improve its struggling finances. To survive and thrive, it needed to stand out. The answer, college leaders decided, was technology.
Finding Life on the Red Planet A remote Mars life-detection strategy is being tested in the fjords of Scandanavia, with a goal of eventually identifying even a single biological cell hiding in the rugged landscape.
Everyone seeing Red AFTER Justine Henin-Hardenne was upset in the US Open by Nadia Petrova - and subsequently dethroned as world No.1 - the Belgian was asked whether it was further confirmation that the Russians were coming.
Ponting questions format Captain Ricky Ponting has questioned how much smaller teams can benefit from playing against the top teams in the ICC Champions Trophy.
HARRINGTON DRAWS LEVEL Padraig Harrington took advantage of a huge mistake by Graeme McDowell to move into a share of the lead with nine holes to play at the Linde German Masters in Cologne today.
Ivan skirts Grand Cayman, flooding homes GEORGETOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan skirted Grand Cayman with winds near 250 km/h today, uprooting trees, bursting the banks of canals and flooding some homes on the island as it churned toward Cuba.
Ivanov: Russia to Revamp Security, Seek Cooperation Russia will revamp its security forces and seek international cooperation to hunt militants in the wake of a school siege which killed more than 300 people nine days ago, Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov said Sunday.
Group Threatens to Kill Hostages in Iraq (AP) AP - A second militant group claimed on Sunday to be holding two female Italian aid workers in Iraq and threatened to kill them if Italy's government did not withdraw its troops from Iraq within 24 hours.
Top-Ranked Trojans Whip Colorado State  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - LenDale White carried the  ball 14 times for 123 yards and scored three touchdowns to lead  top-ranked Southern California to a dominating 49-0 shutout of  Colorado State at the Coliseum.
Barrichello Sparks Ferrari Celebrations  MONZA, Italy (Reuters) - Brazilian Rubens Barrichello led a  Ferrari one-two in the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday to trigger  a homecoming party for the Formula One champions.
IBM Announces Dual-Core Support IBM next week will begin shipping the second generation of its rack-mounted dual processor servers based on Advanced Micro Devices #39; Opteron microprocessor.
UPDATE 1-South Africa crush sorry Bangladesh Graeme Smith led South Africa to a thumping nine-wicket victory over Bangladesh in their ICC Champions Trophy Group B match in Birmingham on Sunday.
Two fathers keep vigil for Manny The surgeon who treated a young Jakarta blast victim fears the five-year-old may have paralysis, reports Connie Levett from Singapore.
Ganguly wants Sehwag, Yuvraj to strike form Southampton, September 12: The Indian team might have regained its momentum with an easy victory over Kenya in their ICC Champions Trophy opener, but captain Sourav Ganguly wants batsmen Virender Sehwag and Yuvraj Singh to strike form before the crucial 
Ivan Approaches Caymans as Florida Braces for 3rd Hurricane Hurricane Ivan, with wind speeds near 155 mph, is approaching Grand Cayman and moving toward Cuba, as Florida residents brace for a third storm to hit the state in a month.
Powell: N. Korea Blast Not Nuclear Event The United States does not believe that a large explosion in North Korea was related to the communist country #39;s suspected nuclear weapons program, President Bush #39;s foreign policy advisers said Sunday.
NASA Says Spaceport Should Withstand Ivan By MARCIA DUNN     CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- NASA's hurricane-damaged spaceport should be able to withstand the wind and rain from Ivan if the storm stays well to the west, the Kennedy Space Center's director said Saturday...
US Agrees to Abide by NAFTA Decision A US trade body Friday agreed to comply with a NAFTA panel ruling concluding that Canadian softwood lumber imports are no threat to the US industry.
Manage and sell - Fund managers #39; dual role could affect &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ASSET management companies (AMCs) concede that the immaturity of the Indian mutual fund industry forces fund managers to spend substantial amounts of time in sales activities.
OPEC in search of the  quot;right price quot; for oil Vienna: OPEC plans to adjust its price band before the end of the year, although not in order to stabilise the market as it claims but to justify sky-high oil prices, analysts say.
Mortgage rates increase Mortgage rates around the country went up last week, although 30-year mortgages still were below 6 percent for a sixth straight week.
Intel suggests overlay to boost Internet performance Intel announced its plans on Thursday to improve the Internet by making it safer, more useful, reliable, and accessible. At Fall IDF (Intel Developer Forum), Pat Gelsinger, Senior Vice President and Chief 
Intel shifts course on microprocessors Chipmaking giant Intel Corporation believes that its future lies in dual-core chips. Speaking at last weeks Intel Developer Forum here, Intel President and COO Paul Otellini 
NASA Hurricane Ivan Preparation Update 12 Sep 2004 NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center (KSC) will reopen Monday Sept. 13 to all 14,000 employees. KSC has been closed for normal business since Sept.
Olsson, Williams-Darling share million-dollar jackpot Triple jumper Christian Olsson of Sweden and 400-meter runner Tonique Williams-Darling of the Bahamas split the \$1 million jackpot by winning Sunday at the season #39;s final Golden League track meet.
Kaiserslautern ease strain on Jara BERLIN, Germany -- Kaiserslautern eased the pressure on the underfire coach Kurt Jara with their first win of the season at Hansa Rostock on Sunday.
Dolphins #39; Feeley gets starting nod Feeley played well enough coming off the bench in the Dolphins #39; season-opening loss to earn a start this week at Cincinnati, coach Dave Wannstedt said Sunday.
Atomic Activity in North Korea Raises US Concerns ASHINGTON, Sept. 12 - Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said today that a huge explosion that took place Thursday on North Korea #39;s border with China was likely  quot;not any kind of nuclear event, quot; but he said 
Curfew in protest-hit Afghan city A curfew has been imposed on the Afghan city of Herat after protests over the sacking of former governor Ismail Khan, local television reports said.
US may help Syria with Iraqi border security A US envoy said Sunday that American military experts might work alongside Syrians to stop militants crossing the Syrian-Iraqi border to fight coalition forces.
Italian Minister in Bid to Free Hostages Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini will travel to the Mideast in an effort to free two female aid workers taken hostage in Iraq, the ministry announced today.
Italy Apprehends Hundreds of Illegal Migrants Italian police have apprehended more than 650 illegal immigrants in southern Italy in what is reported to be one of the largest daily influxes of third world migrants.
Seahawks take 14-3 first quarter lead over Cowboys Jerry Rice set his 35th NFL record and caught a 27-yard touchdown pass from Matt Hasselbeck, leading the Seattle Seahawks to a 14-3 first-quarter lead over the Dallas Cowboys on Monday night.
Feeley Will Start Next Game for Dolphins (AP) AP - Quarterback A.J. Feeley will remain in the Miami Dolphins' lineup  #151; at least for now. Feeley played well enough coming off the bench in the Dolphins' season-opening loss to earn a start this week at Cincinnati, coach Dave Wannstedt said Sunday.
Chiefs-Broncos Game Could Be Pivotal (AP) AP - After finishing 13-3 last season, the Kansas City Chiefs are thinking Super Bowl. The Denver Broncos always think Super Bowl, even though they've made the playoffs just twice in the five years since John Elway retired and haven't won a postseason game. So while it may be premature to think of their meeting in Denver on Sunday night as an AFC championship game preview, it could be critical in the AFC West, where the Chiefs and Broncos figure to battle for the title.
Orioles' Bedard Won't Pitch Again in 2004 (AP) AP - Orioles rookie left-hander Erik Bedard has been shut down for the remainder of the year after pitching more than 133 innings in his first full season following elbow ligament replacement surgery.
Bucs WR Galloway Out With Groin Injury (AP) AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers receiver Joey Galloway strained a groin muscle in the second quarter of Sunday's game against the Washington Redskins and the team said he would not return.
Halladay Throws Another Simulated Game (AP) AP - Toronto ace Roy Halladay threw 25 pitches Sunday during his second simulated game in four days.
Oracle Ruling May Embolden Dealmakers  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A federal judge may have sent a gift  to all merger-minded U.S. executives when he rejected the  government's request to block Oracle Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; bid for  PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; last week.
Selig undergoes skin surgery com. Commissioner Bud Selig underwent surgery on Monday to remove a cancerous melanoma skin lesion from his forehead at New York #39;s Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.
Oracle Ruling May Embolden Dealmakers (Reuters) Reuters - A federal judge may have sent a gift\to all merger-minded U.S. executives when he rejected the\government's request to block Oracle Corp.'s  bid for\PeopleSoft Inc.  last week.
Harrington Wins in Germany to End Slump (AP) AP - Padraig Harrington rallied to a three-stroke victory in the German Masters on a windy Sunday, closing with a 2-under-par 70 and giving his game a big boost before the Ryder Cup.
Group: Red Sea Pollution Hurts Coral Reef (AP) AP - A panel of experts from Israel and abroad on Sunday urged the government to immediately halt fish farming in Israel's Red Sea coastal waters, saying pollution from operation is killing a unique coral reef.
UK Ad Firm Clinches Bid for U.S. Rival  LONDON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - British advertising company WPP  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPP.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPP.L&lt;/A&gt; said on Sunday it has won an auction for U.S. rival  Grey Global &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GREY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GREY.O&lt;/A&gt;, with what sources familiar with the  matter said was a cash-and-stock deal worth about \$1.34  billion.
Gore Unleashes Fury on Democrats' Behalf (AP) AP - Al Gore's stiff jokes are gone now, replaced by recount jokes. The cautious campaigner of 2000 is gone, too, replaced by a fire-breathing Bush basher.
Bush Environment Record an Issue in Nev. (AP) AP - For environmentalists hoping to turn anger at President Bush into electoral votes for John Kerry, the biggest and perhaps only field of dreams is a nuclear waste dump site in Nevada.
Bush Visits Embassy, Offers Condolences (AP) AP - President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy on Sunday where he signed a book of condolences for victims of the school hostage seizure and expressed outrage at the actions of "evil terrorists."
Nasty rhetoric intensifies 50 days ahead of US presidential vote (AFP) AFP - Fifty days out from the US presidential election, the rhetoric is becoming nastier between George W. Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry, as the US president's lead appears to be solidifying.
Harrington Shows Form to Win German Masters  COLOGNE, Germany (Reuters) - Ireland's Padraig Harrington  demonstrated his return to form five days before the Ryder Cup,  with victory in the German Masters on Sunday.
Seven Die in Clashes Over Ousted Afghan Governor  HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Seven supporters of an  ousted Afghan governor were killed and 20 were wounded on  Sunday in clashes with police and U.S. troops after crowds  torched U.N. offices, medics and witnesses said.
Sharon Accuses Far-Right of Inciting Civil War  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  accused far-rightists Sunday of trying to incite civil war over  his plan to withdraw from Gaza, while tens of thousands of the  premier's opponents massed to denounce the pullout.
Syria, Lebanon Reject Foreign Criticism of Ties  DAMASCUS (Reuters) - Syria and Lebanon rejected any outside  role in shaping their relations Sunday, a day after a top State  Department official said Damascus should pull its troops from  its small neighbor.
Travel firms count cost of Ivan Hurricane Ivan looks set to cost tour operators as they race to get customers out of harm's way, though future bookings may not suffer too much.
Curfew in protest-hit Afghan city A curfew is put on the Afghan city of Herat after protests at the sacking of its former governor, TV reports say.
Tennis: Federer ready for Hewitt Roger Federer will go for his third Grand Slam title of 2004 against Lleyton Hewitt at the US Open on Sunday.
Australian leaders spar over Iraq Australia's main political leaders clash over the country's role in Iraq, ahead of next month's general election.
AMD providing update for Opteron processor AMD uses a technology called PowerNow to control power supply to the processor depending upon how much of the processing power is being used.
IBM triples transistor performance with germanium IBM has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday.
Gaps in Intel Itanium, Xeon Road Maps During its bi-annual Developers Forum in San Francisco this week, the chipmaker focused on promoting its next-generation Itanium and Xeon processors.
Gamble paid off - Barrichello Ferrari #39;s Rubens Barrichello admitted he was relieved after his race strategy earned him his first victory of the season at the Italian Grand Prix.
Holmes second in Berlin Double Olympic champion Kelly Holmes finished second on her return to action in the 1500m at the final Golden League meeting of 2004 in Berlin on Sunday.
Honours Even At White Hart Lane Norwich City climbed out of the bottom three and Tottenham maintained their unbeaten start to the start to the season in a 0-0 draw notable for some fine goalkeeping and defending.
Powell: North Korean Explosion Probably Not Nuclear Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United States believes a recent explosion in North Korea was, in his words, not a nuclear event.
US enter Samarrah during new push against insurgents American forces with their Iraqi allies penetrated the northern city of Samarrah for the first time in a month yesterday in an attempt to recapture territory that has slipped out of coalition control in recent weeks.
Polish ambassador: government considers question of WWII &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BERLIN Poland #39;s ambassador to Germany says Poland considers the question of World War Two reparations closed. Nazi Germany invaded Poland in 1939 to start World War Two, and last week, the Polish parliament 
Medicare Costs Are New Focus for Candidates Democrats are vowing to roll back a sharp increase in premiums announced this month, and the Bush campaign is seeking to blame lawmakers for the rise.
Hurricane Ivan Closes In on Grand Cayman; Cuba Braces Hurricane Ivan lost some strength as it hit the Cayman Islands and Cuba but was still capable of causing tremendous damage.
Fire in Ohio Apartment Building Kills 8 COLUMBUS, Ohio - A suspected arson fire engulfed an apartment complex in suburban Columbus Sunday, killing eight people and forcing others to jump from third-story windows to escape, firefighters said.    The fire in Prairie Township came just six weeks after three fires were set in the same building in an empty apartment and hallway, said Fire Chief Steve Feustel...
Zhang Readies Another Martial-Arts Saga TORONTO - A few years back, Zhang Yimou was a bit miffed that fellow filmmaker Ang Lee was faster on the draw in elevating the martial-arts epic to serious cinema. But now that Lee's "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" has broken the genre into the mainstream among Western audiences, Zhang is happy to follow his lead...
Televangelist Said Tried to Hush Charges LOS ANGELES - The founder of the world's largest Christian broadcasting network has sought repeatedly to prevent a former male employee from going public with allegations of a sexual encounter between them eight years ago, a newspaper reported Sunday.    Paul Crouch, 70, president of the Trinity Broadcasting Network, reached a \$425,000 settlement in 1998 with the former worker who threatened to sue over claims he had been unjustly fired from the network, the Los Angeles Times said...
At Least 25 Killed in Baghdad Violence BAGHDAD, Iraq - Militants pounded central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar barrages ever, targeting the Green Zone and destroying a U.S. vehicle along a major street...
Protesters Attack Soldiers in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan - Demonstrators stormed U.N. compounds and stoned U.S...
Trend Micro Offers New Mobile Security for Mobile Phones and PDAs Trend Micro has announced the up coming availability of Trend Micro Mobile Security for UIQ in January 2005, with a free trial to June.
Johnson #39;s crash calls attention to flaw in the Chase system RICHMOND, Va.  NASCAR hasn #39;t even unveiled its Chase for the Championship and already there #39;s a problem. When it came up with the idea of a 10-race playoff, NASCAR correctly realized there would 
Explosions caused mushroom cloud over N. Korea: source SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - A mushroom-shaped cloud was seen in North Korea last Thursday following a large explosion, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.
Mayfield Races Into NASCAR Playoffs (AP) AP - It was win and in for Jeremy Mayfield, who couldn't hide his excitement when NASCAR chairman Brian France stopped to congratulate him on racing his way into the playoffs.
Investors on Alert for Earnings Warnings (Reuters) Reuters - Investors are expected to focus on oil\prices and corporate earnings outlooks this week, and the\slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
Array of Innovations at Mobile Tech Show (AP) AP - As co-stars of an elite, wireless-oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: A weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. Their decibel assault at this year's 6th annual DEMOmobile show was the perfect foil for its most celebrated product, a noise-canceling cell phone headset called Jawbone.
Ruano Pascual, Suarez Win Women's Doubles (AP) AP - Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suarez won their third straight U.S. Open women's doubles title by beating singles champion Svetlana Kuznetsova and Elena Likhovtseva 6-4, 7-5 Sunday.
US in bid to jumpstart NKorea talks amid nuclear bomb warning (AFP) AFP - A US special envoy left for China, South Korea and Japan in a bid to jump start North Korean nuclear talks, the State Department said, as the UN nuclear watchdog chief warned Pyongyang could develop up to six atomic bombs.
Kirsten Dunst Pretends to Be a Jock Grunting tennis pro. Evil brat. Marie Antoinette. What kind of roles are these for a young, blond Hollywood ingnue?
Thousands Protest Gaza Evacuation Plan JERUSALEM - Tens of thousands of Jewish settlers and their backers demonstrated in Jerusalem on Sunday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to evacuate all settlements from Gaza and four West Bank enclaves in a rally held against a backdrop of assassination threats and warnings of civil war.    The withdrawal plan has upset the Israeli political scene since it was announced last year, turning Sharon's backers into opponents and detractors into supporters...
Federer Tries for Third Major Title of '04 NEW YORK - In heat or wind, before a crowd for or against him, facing Andre Agassi's baseline bashing or Tim Henman's get-to-the-net style: When Roger Federer is on his game, it doesn't seem to matter what he has to deal with. Now Lleyton Hewitt will try to disrupt him...
Nations: N. Korea Cloud Isn't Nuke Blast SEOUL, South Korea - A huge mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from North Korea was not caused by a nuclear explosion, South Korean and U.S. officials said Sunday, but they said the cause was a mystery...
Skipper wants a final fling MICHAEL Vaughan last night dreamed of capping a spectacularly successful summer for England with an appearance in the final of the ICC Champions Trophy.
J. Lopez, SS SEATTLE (Ticker) -- The surging Boston Red Sox attempt to win their seventh straight series when they conclude a four-game set against the Seattle Mariners on Sunday.
Nations: N. Korea Cloud Isn #39;t Nuke Blast SEOUL, South Korea Sept. 12, 2004 - A huge mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from North Korea was not caused by a nuclear explosion, South Korean and US officials said Sunday, but they said the cause was a mystery.
Insurgents hammer central Baghdad, 25 dead in surge of violence in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital 
Mystics Remain Alive Alana Beard scored 21 points to help the Washington Mystics keep their playoff hopes alive with a 75-63 victory over the Houston Comets on Sunday. The Mystics, winners of three straight, closed on a 6-0 run, capped by Beard's layup with 34 seconds remaining.
Companies move to anti piracy chips NDS, STMicroelectronics and Thomson announced on Friday that they will begin implementing new anti piracy technology to weed out video piracy.
Feeley gets nod over Fiedler Davie, FL (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins head coach Dave Wannstedt named AJ Feeley as his starting quarterback for next Sunday #39;s game against the Cincinnati Bengals.
South Africa thump Tigers Bangladesh were thrashed by nine wickets in their Champions Trophy match against South Africa at Edgbaston on Sunday. Bizarrely electing to bat first, the Tigers mustered just 93 runs before being bowled out in the 32nd over.
Turner confident Illini can rebound from 35-17 loss Poor tackling, missed opportunities and turnovers plagued Illinois through a 1-11 season last year and all were factors again in Saturday #39;s 35-17 loss to UCLA.
Coach Willingham Never Doubted Notre Dame (AP) AP - Tyrone Willingham never showed a trace of doubt. Not following last season's 5-7 finish by Notre Dame. Not after a deflating season-opening loss to Brigham Young. Not when the Fighting Irish trailed 9-0 at halftime to Michigan on Saturday.
Mexico's President Fires Mexico City Chief (AP) AP - President Vicente Fox fired Mexico City's police chief Monday for allegedly bungling the response to a mob attack that killed two federal police officers. Fox's action sharply increases a political clash with leaders of the opposition-led capital ahead of the 2006 presidential race.
Investors Weighing Consumer Spending (AP) AP - Investors will be looking to consumer spending in the coming week on Wall Street, as the government releases figures on consumer prices and retail sales and major retailers release earnings reports.
Groups Work on Ways to Stop Hurricanes (AP) AP - Amateur hurricane-busters have come up with any number of crackpot ideas to spare Florida from ferocious storms. Among them: blowing hurricanes away with giant fans or blowing them up with nuclear warheads.
UES Loses Utility Bid in Slovakia BRATISLAVA, Slovakia -- Enel, Italy #39;s biggest power company, put in the highest bid for the Slovak government #39;s stake in Slovenske Elektrarne, the country #39;s top power generator.
EPA could reject appeal, order Wednesday that Metro Detroit cars &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Environmental Protection Agency is expected to decide by Wednesday whether automobile emissions tests could be mandatory for communities in the metropolitan area.
A new handshake for mini hard drives? A consortium of companies wants to build on the progress of the Serial ATA hard drive interface in PCs by creating a similar offering for consumer electronics devices.
Great matchup to end US Open Roger Federer -- and the summer #39;s best performer -- Lleyton Hewitt -- play off for the year #39;s final Grand Slam. It #39;s difficult to imagine a better matchup than Federer and Hewitt.
It definitely wasn #39;t easy Berlin, Germany - Soon after claiming athletics #39; biggest single financial award this year, Christian Olsson offered perhaps the understatement of the year.
Thousands March over Gaza Pull-Out Plans Crowds filled downtown Jerusalem to protest at the proposed pullout, most of them Orthodox Jews. A huge banner behind the stage set the theme: Disengagement tears the people apart.
Mercosur, EU Hope to Meet Trade Deadline (AP) AP - The South American trade bloc Mercosur and the European Union said after a ministerial meeting Sunday they hope to conclude stalled talks about free-trade agreement on time.
Female Baseball Pioneer Gacioch Dies (AP) AP - Rosie Gacioch, whose baseball experiences during the World War II era helped inspire the 1992 movie "A League of Their Own," died at 89.
Purdue on a Roll Heading Into Bye Week (AP) AP - With as well as No. 18 Purdue is playing right now, it appears there is only one thing that can slow down these Boilermakers  #151; the bye.
Question of medicare reform has become test of Martin's political credibility (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - There was a moment before the last federal election when medicare reform became more than just a campaign promise for Prime Minister Paul Martin.
Up to 7 Die in Clashes Over Ousted Afghan Governor  HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Up to seven supporters of an  ousted Afghan governor were killed and 20 wounded on Sunday in  clashes with police and U.S. troops in the western city of  Herat, which was placed under night curfew.
British Firm Wins Bidding for Grey Advertising The British advertising agency WPP Group said today that it had won the bidding for Grey Global Group, the world #39;s last large independent advertising 
Three Years Since I left work on September 10th at 9:00 PM. An hour before, my coworker was getting nervous. She was leaving on a trip to Italy on the 12th and wanted to meet me at 8:30 AM on the 11th to go over what projects of hers I needed to steer in her absence. I rolled my eyes and complained that no one schedules meetings at 8:30 in the morning, and convinced her to postpone the meeting to 10:00 AM. 
New Object in Saturn #39;s F Ring A small newly found object, temporarily designated S/2004 S 3, has been seen orbiting Saturn #39;s outer F ring. The tiny object, seen in this movie centered in a green box, orbits the planet at a distance of 
Tottenham held by promoted Norwich London, England (Sports Network) - Tottenham remained unbeaten by drawing with Norwich Sunday, 0-0, in the only Premiership fixture of the day.
Russia #39;s grim return to reality Children were arriving at the school on Bakhrushina Street in central Moscow: small girls with oversize ribbons festooning their hair, small boys, fidgety and chattering, dwarfed by large satchels.
Italian FM to Middle East to seek release of aid workers in Iraq ROME : Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini was to leave for the Middle East, as Rome pressed on with efforts to win the release of two Italian aid workers kidnapped in Iraq, his ministry said.
 quot;Beware of the End of the World (Wide Web), quot; Says Intel Sep 10, 2004 (financialwire.net via COMTEX) -- (FinancialWire) Remember those  quot;End of the World quot; signs? Well, Intel Corp.
RealNetworks Ends Download 49-Cent Promo RealNetworks Inc. is ending its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet media and software company said on Thursday.
Dementyeva Looks to Future After Loss NEW YORK -- When Yelena Dementyeva lost to fellow Russian Anastasia Myskina in the French Open final in June, she could barely hold back the tears.
Osasuna rallies at Deportivo Coruna MADRID -- Osasuna fought back from a goal down and a sending-off to claim their first win of the season with a resounding 3-1 victory at Deportivo Coruna in the Primera Liga on Sunday.
Seven dead after Afghan governor ousted Up to seven supporters of an ousted Afghan governor have been killed and 20 wounded in clashes with police and US troops in the western city 
Phillies Sweep Woeful Mets With 4-2 Win (AP) AP - Vicente Padilla pitched 6 2-3 shutout innings in his best start since coming off the disabled list and led the Philadelphia Phillies over the New York Mets 4-2 Sunday to complete a three-game sweep.
Georgia Overcomes First SEC Road Test (AP) AP - Georgia's depth and defense kept the Bulldogs unbeaten.
Eisner #39;s Exit Plan Good for Disney -Analysts While fans of Michael Eisner argue that his 20-year legacy of continued financial and stock growth at the Walt Disney Co. is a strong achievement, Wall Street observers say his record is more mixed.
Mercosur, EU hope to meet trade deadline The South American trade bloc Mercosur and the European Union said after a ministerial meeting Sunday they hope to conclude stalled talks about free-trade agreement on time.
Japanese bank battle a break from the past In the old days in Japan, a merger between two banks would have been quietly brokered behind closed doors. But the current clash between two major Japanese banks over competing 
Sun may rise, after all, on faulty space probe Scientists are hopeful they can retrieve particles of solar wind from a capsule that crashed in the desert last week. By Peter N. Spotts  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Longhorn locked against theft by iPod MICROSOFT is working on technology that will give companies more control over whether to prohibit devices that can easily be used to transfer data to and from personal computers.
Big Five Set Their Sights On Mobile TV TV broadcasts to the mobile phone moved a step nearer reality today when the big five handset vendors announced a co-operation deal to investigate mobile broadcast services.
Microsoft #39;s new mice get touchy Microsoft is introducing a new line of keyboards and mice, including some with fingerprint readers that lets users scan a finger instead of having to enter a log-in name and password when accessing online services or logging on to the PC.
Cisco to acquire network-monitoring firm NetSolve Cisco Systems announced it is acquiring NetSolve, which provides real-time monitoring of the performance of corporate data networks.
Real sells 3m tracks at a loss RealNetworks says it sold more than three million tracks thanks to an aggressive three-week price promotion in the US. The company halved the cost of tracks to 49 cents in mid-August to try to tempt consumers away from Apple #39;s iTunes music store.
FCC says US getting its broadband act together US communications regulators insisted on Thursday that the United States was making progress in rolling out high-speed Internet service, despite falling further behind other countries.
Extinction #39;s ripple effects WASHINGTON - Conservationists concerned about the extinction of plants and animals may be overlooking the danger to thousands of other species that depend on the threatened ones.
Dead sea turtles wash up on beaches Nearly two dozen dead sea turtles have washed up on Maryland and Delaware beaches in the past 10 days. At least nine of the animals, which are among six endangered 
Harrington bags timely triumph Padraig Harrington of Ireland exceeded his and Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer #39;s expectations yesterday when he claimed the German Masters title with an 11th-hour return to form.
Tottenham Misses Chance to Climb to Third With 0-0 Norwich Draw Tottenham Hotspur missed the chance to climb to third in English soccer #39;s Premiership after a 0-0 draw at home against newly promoted Norwich.
Arsenal stretches unbeaten run in England Arsenal stretched its unbeaten run in the English Premier League to 45 games, while Real Madrid and FC Barcelona stayed perfect in the Spanish league.
Willingham never doubted Irish could beat Michigan Not following last season #39;s 5-to-7 finish by Notre Dame. Not after a deflating season-opening loss to Brigham Young. Not when the Irish trailed 9-to-zero at halftime to Michigan.
GAME DAY PREVIEW Game time: 4:00 PM LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- The Los Angeles Sparks aim for their seventh straight win at home when they host the Sacramento Monarchs on Sunday at the Staples Center.
McLeish  #39;hopeful #39; Yesterday #39;s 0-0 draw at Hearts left Rangers fourth behind Aberdeen and Kilmarnock and without an away goal in three league games.
NFL Wrap: Gibbs Returns to NFL as Redskins Edge Buccaneers Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a touchdown and had 164 yards rushing and the Washington Redskins used a stifling defense to edge the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 16-10 in Joe Gibbs #39;s return to the National Football League Sunday in Landover 
Teixeira hits pair of home runs to lead Rangers to 7-6 win over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chan Ho Park couldn #39;t hold the lead after Mark Teixeira #39;s first home run. Francisco Cordero made sure Teixeira #39;s second one held up for the Texas Rangers.
Hurricane Ivan slams Grand Cayman Hurricane Ivan has battered the Cayman Islands with ferocious 240kph winds, flooding homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past just offshore.
Strong turnout marked in HK election HONG KONG - Hong Kong voters made a strong turnout Sunday in a hard-fought legislative election being closely watched by Beijing. As of 5:30 pm, turnout was 35.
Indonesian police reenact Jakarta embassy blast JAKARTA - Indonesian police on Sunday reenacted Thursday #39;s car bomb attack in front of the Australian Embassy that killed nine people and injured 182 others.
Greek air force chief sacked after Orthodox leader dies in chopper &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Greece #39;s air force chief of staff was sacked Sunday over delays in launching a rescue operation after a weekend helicopter crash that killed the Greek Orthodox Patriarch of Alexandria, the church #39;s number two.
Putin #39;s outdated illusions are dangerous Before the tragedy of Beslan, Vladimir Putin lived in a vibrant young democracy. Voters gave a Kremlin-backed party an overwhelming mandate in parliamentary elections in December, and 
US eyes Syria #39;s aid in Iraq security A US envoy on a Middle East tour said Sunday that America has suggested having its military experts work alongside Syrians to stop militants from crossing the Syrian-Iraqi border 
Thousands demonstrate in Jerusalem against plan to evacuate Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM Tens of thousands of Jewish settlers and their backers essentially shut down much of Jerusalem today. They took to the streets to protest a plan to evacuate settlements in Gaza and the West Bank.
Italy #39;s Two Hostages Dedicated to Helping Iraqis Simona Torretta and Simona Pari share the same first name, the same age, the same job and the same dedication to the Iraqi people.
Nearly 800 refugees in 3 boats swamp Italy Palermo, Sicily Almost 800 illegal immigrants arrived in southern Italy aboard only three boats Sunday in one of the largest influxes of refugees that Italy has seen in a single day.
HK Democrats Demand Partial Election Recount  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong's main pro-democracy party  demanded on Monday a partial recount of the vote in the city's  legislative elections, after officials had failed to announce a  single result eight hours after polls closed.
Italy's Two Hostages Dedicated to Helping Iraqis  ROME (Reuters) - Simona Torretta and Simona Pari share the  same first name, the same age, the same job and the same  dedication to the Iraqi people.
Unprecedented turnout in Hong Kong vote Democracy candidates picked up at least one more seat in parliament, according to exit polls.
Afghan rebels plan for elections Presidential campaigning in Afghanistan is shadowed by a new insurgent group plan for disruptions.
US Airways Files for Bankruptcy Protection; 2nd Time in 2 Years S Airways filed for Chapter 11 protection this afternoon, its second round in bankruptcy in two years, after workers refused the airline #39;s push for \$800 million in wage and benefit cuts so that it could lower its costs.
Japanese Stocks May Gain, Led by Toyota, After Oil Price Drops Japanese stocks may rise after oil prices fell by the most in three months, allaying concern higher fuel costs will slow global economic growth.
Ellison earns \$3.85 million in FY04 Oracle Corp. Chief Executive Larry Ellison took home \$3.85 million in salary and bonuses in fiscal 2004, according to a Friday filing with securities regulators.
Italy seeks Libya migrant curbs Italy is urging Libya to tackle the swelling flow of illegal migrants as hundreds more land on Italian shores. 
Europe urged to accept GM foods A conference on genetically-modified crops opens in Germany with calls for Europe to take up GM foods.
US envoy warns of Iran sanctions THE US will pursue sanctions against Iran if Tehran does not renounce its quest for nuclear weapons, a top US official said today.
US soldier jailed for Iraq abuses A US court martial in Baghdad has sentenced a soldier to eight months in jail for maltreating and conspiring to maltreat Iraqi detainees.
Two men fight for paternal rights over Jakarta blast victim Singapore, Sep 12 (UNI) An Australian policeman and an Italian bank security guard are set to fight a legal battle over the parentage of five-year old Elisabeth Manuela Banbin Musu, who is in coma in a Singapore hospital after suffering severe injuries in 
Formula One Racing: Ferrari #39;s one-two is full of surprises MONZA, Italy Those who did not see the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday will not be surprised to hear that Ferrari finished first and second for the eighth time this season.
Olsson, Williams-Darling share million-dollar Golden League &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Christian Olsson of Sweden and Tonique Williams-Darling of the Bahamas split the \$1 million-US Golden League bonus by winning their events at the ISTAF athletics meet Sunday.
South Africa in a hurry After 10 consecutive one-day defeats, South Africa regained a scrap of self-belief yesterday with a nine-wicket win over Pool B whipping boys Bangladesh, whose bold decision to bat first went badly wrong.
Ramirez homer sets early tone When the Red Sox return to Fenway Park next week, don #39;t be surprised if  quot;MVP quot; chants for Manny Ramirez start to become a fixture.
Lions end record 24-game road losing streak vs. Bears Bracy Walker got one of the game balls and rightfully so. Needing intravenous fluids to fight off dehydration, Walker rescued the Detroit Lions from the NFL #39;s longest road losing streak Sunday.
Angels 11, White Sox 0 Bartolo Colon pitched seven sharp innings, Garret Anderson drove in three runs and the Anaheim Angels beat the Chicago White Sox 11-0 Sunday.
US missile attack kills 13 civilians in Iraq  quot;I am a journalist. I #39;m dying, I #39;m dying, quot; screamed Mazen al-Tumeizi, a correspondent for the Arabic television channel al-Arabiya, after shrapnel from a rocket fired by an American helicopter slammed into his back.
European countries agree on Iran nuke deadline TEHRAN: France, Britain and Germany proposing a November deadline for Iran to dispel concern that it has a covert atom bomb program.
In Australia: Debate hots up CANBERRA - Australia #39;s political leaders went head-to-head yesterday in a national debate dominated by the war on terror as campaigning for the Oct 9 polls resumed.
Piece of shrapnel still lodged in girl #39;s brain A PIECE of shrapnel remains lodged in the brain of the five-year-old girl badly hurt in Thursday #39;s Jakarta bombing, and her doctors said she was almost certain to be paralysed.
WPP says it won bid WPP said on Sunday that it had won the bidding for Grey Global Group, the seventh-largest agency company, ending a summer-long takeover battle in which it outlasted Havas of France and a US private equity firm, Hellman Friedman.
US Airways Files for Bankruptcy Protection; 2nd Time in 2 Years The company's announcement followed workers' refusal to accept \$800 million in wage and benefit cuts to lower costs.
Federer Dominates U.S. Open Final Roger Federer became the first man since 1988 to win three Grand Slam tournaments in a year, thoroughly outclassing Lleyton Hewitt 6-0, 7-6 (3), 6-0.
Suspected Arson Fire Kills 10 in Ohio COLUMBUS, Ohio - A suspected arson fire raced through an apartment complex in suburban Columbus on Sunday, killing 10 people who lived in the same apartment and forcing others to jump from third-story windows to escape.    At least 53 people were left homeless by the blaze in Prairie Township, which destroyed the building's roof and third floor, melted siding and left its wooden skeleton exposed...
US Airways Files for Bankruptcy Protection ARLINGTON, Va. - US Airways Group Inc., the nation's seventh largest airline, filed for bankruptcy protection Sunday for the second time in two years...
Surge of Baghdad Violence Leaves 59 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding a day of violence that killed nearly 60 people nationwide as security appeared to spiral out of control.    At least 37 people were killed in Baghdad alone...
Ivan Batters Caymans, Heads for Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan battered the Cayman Islands with ferocious 150-mph winds Sunday, flooding homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past just offshore.    Ivan has killed at least 60 people in its path of destruction across the Caribbean and was headed next for western Cuba, where it was expected to hit Monday...
Florida Keys Likely Spared a Direct Hit KEY WEST, Fla. - The only whooshing sound Hurricane Ivan stirred in the Keys and populous South Florida on Sunday was a sigh of relief from residents no longer fearful the 150-mph storm would make a direct hit...
Hurricane Ivan Batters Grand Cayman GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan battered the Cayman Islands with ferocious 150-mph winds Sunday, flooding homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past just offshore.    Ivan has killed at least 60 people in its path of destruction across the Caribbean and was headed next for western Cuba, where it was expected to hit Monday...
Ivan Won't Make Direct Hit on Fla. Keys KEY WEST, Fla. - The only whooshing sound Hurricane Ivan stirred in the Keys and populous South Florida on Sunday was a sigh of relief from residents no longer fearful the 150-mph storm would make a direct hit...
'Resident Evil' Sequel Tops Box Office LOS ANGELES - The undead came alive once more over the weekend as "Resident Evil: Apocalypse" debuted at No. 1 at the box office, bringing in \$23.7 million...
Flight Attendants Reject US Air Proposal (Reuters) Reuters - Flight attendants at US Airways\ on Sunday said they had rejected a new proposal by the\airline on cuts in wages and benefits which they said fail to\improve on sick leave and reserve policies.
Gas Price Slips to  #36;1.86/Gallon -Survey (Reuters) Reuters - The average U.S. retail price of\gasoline fell slightly over the last two weeks to about  #36;1.86 a\gallon, restoring a trend of declines after a modest increase\late last month, according to the nationwide Lundberg survey of\about 7,000 gas stations released on Sunday.
OPEC Eyes Caution, Supply Weighs on Price (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil\output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear\of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.
China #39;s ad market gallops ahead China will be the third largest advertising economy by 2011, beating the UK and Germany, according to a report published yesterday.
Bonds Hits Homer 699, Giants Top D'Backs (AP) AP - Barry Bonds hit his 699th home run, and the San Francisco Giants regained the NL wild-card lead with a 5-2 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Sunday.
Browns Open With Win, 20-3 Over Ravens (AP) AP - Jeff Garcia threw a 46-yard touchdown pass and ran for another TD in his Cleveland debut, leading the Browns to their first opening-week win since 1999, a 20-3 victory over the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday.
U.S. says UN, Africa and Sudan itself hold solution to Darfur crisis (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - WASHINGTON (AP) - The key to stopping the ethnic violence in western Sudan rests not with the United States alone but with the United Nations, other African countries and Sudan itself, President George W. Bush's foreign policy advisers said Sunday.
US Airways Files for Ch. 11 Bankruptcy  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,  squeezed severely by low-cost rivals and soaring fuel prices  and failing in its drive for new labor concessions, filed for  bankruptcy protection on Sunday for the second time in two  years.
Flight Attendants Reject US Air Proposal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Flight attendants at US Airways  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt; on Sunday said they had rejected a new proposal by the  airline on cuts in wages and benefits which they said fail to  improve on sick leave and reserve policies.
Canadian Brodeur's Wrist Feeling Better (AP) AP - Martin Brodeur casually strolled through Canada's dressing room on Sunday with a noticeable wrap on his injured left wrist.
Federer Crushes Hewitt in U.S. Open Final  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer emphasized his position  as the world's best player by demolishing former champion  Lleyton Hewitt 6-0, 7-6, 6-0, to win his first U.S. Open title  on Sunday.
NFL Wrap: Gibbs Returns to NFL as Redskins Edge Buccaneers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a  touchdown and had 164 yards rushing and the Washington Redskins  used a stifling defense to edge the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 16-10  in Joe Gibbs's return to the National Football League Sunday in  Landover, Maryland.
NL Wrap: Pierre Hits, Burnett Pitches Marlins to Easy Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Juan Pierre had three hits and A.J.  Burnett pitched eight solid innings as the Florida Marlins  salvaged a split of their key four-game series against the  Chicago Cubs with an 11-1 win in the series finale in National  League play Sunday.
Stern: Sirius Wants Him Now, But No Plans To Jump Gun Early holiday wishes. Sirius Satellite Radio (nasdaq: SIRI - news - people ) is looking to unwrap its blockbuster gift a year ahead of schedule.
U.S. Assault Weapons Ban Set to Expire (AP) AP - Ten years after it was born out of the carnage of three California mass shootings, the federal assault weapons ban is fading out of existence Monday.
Singh Wins Canadian Open After Play-Off  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - Vijay Singh teed off his  reign as the new world number one in victorious style when he  won the Canadian Open on its 100th anniversary on Sunday at the  third extra hole of a play-off with home hope Mike Weir.
Pakistan forces battle on border An ongoing battle between Pakistani forces and suspected al Qaeda fighters Sunday in a tribal area near the border with Afghanistan has left six suspected terrorists and 12 Pakistani forces dead, two government officials told 
Orange joins 3G fray with pitch to early adopters Orange joined the Christmas scramble for customers willing to experiment with new 3G services yesterday, offering four handsets, a competitively priced service and a target of four million customers, split between Britain and France, within two years.
Crude Oil May Rise on Concern Hurricane Could Cut Gulf Output Crude oil futures may rise in New York on speculation Hurricane Ivan could disrupt output from platforms in the Gulf of Mexico as the storm nears the US mainland this week.
No Road Woes Yet Shaun Alexander scores three touchdowns on Sunday to get the Seahawks off to a good road-season start with a 21-7 victory over the New Orleans Saints.
Steelers Run to Win The Steelers grind out a tough win with new addition Duce Staley and old horse Jerome Bettis, holding off a late Raiders' rally to win, 24-21, on Sunday.
Brees Guides Chargers Zero turnovers and an efficient 17-for-24 day with two touchdowns for Drew Brees enables San Diego to score a 27-20 triumph over the Texans in Houston.
Mariners Blank Bosox Gil Meche pitches a five-hitter for his second career shutout and Raul Ibanez hits a two-run shot to lead Seattle over Boston 2-0 Sunday.
THECHAT &lt;em&gt;  Gene Simmons and his tongue came to Richmond International Raceway last weekend to promote three KISS-themed NASCAR vehicles and a line of die-cast collectible replicas.&lt;/em&gt;
Changing Directions Over at USA Today -- Slogan: "All the News That's Fit to Print in Four Paragraphs or Less" -- they got together the last couple of weeks and asked the staff to vote for the "10 things to change in sports."
Sting Pound Lynx Early Charlotte opens the game with a WNBA-record 21 straight points in the Sting's 60-50 win over the Minnesota Lynx on Saturday night.
UPDATE 2-Harrington shows form to win German Masters Ireland #39;s Padraig Harrington demonstrated his return to form five days before the Ryder Cup, with victory in the German Masters on Sunday.
Ego Czech-ed at door TORONTO -- Martin Brodeur took one for the team. After sitting out yesterday #39;s morning skate, Canada #39;s top goalie chose to bow out of last night #39;s World Cup of Hockey semi-final victory over the Czech Republic because of his left wrist injury.
American League Game Summary - Boston at Seattle Boston ended its 12-game road trip at 9-3...Lowe fell to 4-4 lifetime against Seattle...Meche is 2-1 in his career versus Boston...The Red Sox took five of nine meetings with the Mariners this season. Seattle 
Europe urged to embrace GM foods A conference on genetically-modified crops opens in Germany with calls for Europe to take up GM foods.
US: Iranian Nuclear Program May Come Before UN Security Council Secretary of State Colin Powell says the United Nations Security Council may ultimately have to deal with questions surrounding Iran #39;s nuclear program.
Federer crushes Hewitt to win US Open Swiss maestro Roger Federer has produced a devastating display of tennis to crush Lleyton Hewitt in a one-sided US Open final at Flushing Meadows.
Brodeur #39;s wrist feeling better Martin Brodeur casually strolled through Canada #39;s dressing room on Sunday with a noticeable wrap on his injured left wrist. He said he felt good, just not well enough to join his teammates on the ice in preparation 
Liberty 64, Silver Stars 62 Crystal Robinson scored 16 points and Becky Hammon had 15 to rally the New York Liberty over the last-place San Antonio Silver Stars 64-62 on Sunday.
Hurricane Ivan Lashes Caymans, Jamaica A Jamaican man walks in front of a church destroyed by Hurricane Ivan in Lionel Town, outside of Kingston. Relief operations get under way in the wake of Hurricane Ivan, which has brought destruction to Jamaica and the Cayman Islands.
UN chief condemns attacks in Afghanistan UN Secretary-General condemned on Sunday the attacks in a western Afghanistan province which may jeopardize the already worrisome security in the war-torn country before its scheduled general elections next month.
Italy summons Libyan ambassador to discuss latest illegal migrants ROME - Almost 1,000 illegal immigrants have arrived at a southern Italian island over the weekend. Most are believed to be from North Africa.
NASA Hopes Data Can Be Salvaged From Crashed Craft A top NASA official said Thursday that scientists examining the remains of the crashed Genesis space capsule have peeked inside a broken canister containing atoms 
New Windows OS boosts security For years, programmers at Microsoft and elsewhere have worked to make it easier for devices like cell phones and personal digital assistants to work instantly and easily with computers.
Greek Defense Minister Quits for Deadly Copter Crash A day after Africa #39;s senior Greek Orthodox prelate and 16 others died in a helicopter crash in the northern Aegean, the Greek defense minister, Spilios Spiliotopoulos 
Islamic group threatens to kill Italian hostages, sets deadline DUBAI : An Islamist group has threatened to kill two Italian women held hostage in Iraq if Rome does not withdraw its troops from the war-torn country within 24 hours, according to an internet statement.
China eyes Life offshore CHINA Life, China #39;s largest life insurer, might start investing in overseas financial markets before the end of the year, state media reported yesterday.
Oil Supply Fears Leave Shares Mixed Oil supply concerns and broker downgrades of blue-chip companies left stocks mixed yesterday, raising doubts that Wall Street #39;s year-end rally would continue.
Indonesia Pursues Two Terror Suspects (AP) AP - Indonesian police pursued a manhunt Sunday for two of Southeast Asia's most wanted terrorism suspects while warning of the danger of more suicide attacks on Western interests in the wake of a lethal bombing outside the Australian Embassy.
Tokyo Stocks Seen Firming After Nasdaq  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average is expected to  gain ground on Monday as firmness in U.S. technology stocks  eases investors' nervousness toward that sector in Japan.
China Camp Makes Big Gains in HK Elections  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Pro-democracy candidates in Hong  Kong, stung by sex and money scandals, made only limited gains  while the China camp made big gains in directly elected seats  in legislative elections, results showed on Monday.
Harrington coasts back to form for Ryder test Bernhard Langer will lead a contented team of players on the plane to Detroit today with yet another member of the European Ryder Cup side celebrating a victory on the eve of the match against the Americans.
NFL Game Summary - Baltimore at Cleveland Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - Jeff Garcia completed 15-of-24 passes for 180 yards, including a 46-yard touchdown pass to Quincy Morgan, leading Cleveland over Baltimore, 20-3, in the season-opener for both teams at Cleveland Browns Stadium.
Sun pull into first place in East The Connecticut Sun spoiled Sue Bird #39;s return Sunday and pulled into first place in the process. Bird had nine points, seven assists and five rebounds in front of her former hometown 
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher After Nasdaq  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened 0.64  percent higher on Monday as investors took a cue from gains in  U.S. technology stocks, snapping up Toshiba Corp. and several  other lagging high-tech issues.
HK Vote Count Late, Few Democrat Gains in Exit Polls  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong pro-democracy candidates,  stung by a sex scandal, made limited gains against the Beijing  camp in legislative polls as voters wary of irking their  communist rulers chose stability, results showed on Monday.
Poll blow for Hong Kong democrats Hong Kong's pro-democracy parties are on course to net fewer seats  than expected in legislative elections.
Three percent is no longer sacred Ten days ago, the European Commission made an extremely significant decision on the Stability and Growth Pact, which lays down the principles of economic policy for states belonging to the euro bloc.
Checks to clear faster than they can float soon Under new federal legislation called the Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, also called Check 21, the time taken for checks to clear will be much quicker than in the past.
It #39;s AMD Inside AMD has been the perennial underdog to behemoth Intel. Noe AMD is challenging Intel with a new class of microprocessors. This time, it #39;s Intel is having to play catch-up.
Economics week Economists are facing a busy week ahead as most of the key monthly UK economic data is released. The Producer Price Index for August is published today, and economists 
Transmeta ships 90-nm processor Transmeta last week announced it had started shipping limited quantities of its x86-compatible Efficeon TM8800 processor, a low-powered CPU fabbed on 90-nanometer silicon.
NFL Game Summary - NY Giants at Philadelphia Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - Donovan McNabb threw four touchdown passes, including three to Terrell Owens, to lead the Philadelphia Eagles to a 31-17 victory over the New York Giants in the season-opener for both teams at Lincoln Financial Field.
Browns Beat Ravens 20-3 Behind Garcia: NFL Week 1 (Update1) Jeff Garcia passed for one touchdown and ran for another to lead the Cleveland Browns to a 20-3 win over the Baltimore Ravens in his first game with the team.
Falcons at 49ers Players to watch  Michael Vick is back after missing last season with a broken leg. 49ers going with Tim Rattay, who threw 6 TD passes vs.
JUVE OFF TO A FLYER Fabio Capello #39;s reign as Juventus coach began in ominous fashion for the rest of Italy as the Turin giants claimed a convincing triumph at Brescia.
Patriarch Petros VII of Alexandria His Beatitude Petros VII , who died in a helicopter accident on Saturday aged 55, was the Pope and Patriarch of Alexandria, namely the head of the Eastern or Greek Orthodox Church in Africa; by tradition, he was the 128th successor in that office to St 
Tens of thousands of Israeli settlers rally against Sharon #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Tens of thousands of Israeli settlers and their supporters yesterday took part in a right-wing demonstration in Jerusalem #39;s Zion Square.
Iraqi PM warned to  #39;await Angel of Death #39; A voice recording said to be that of suspected Al Qaeda commander Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi, claims Iraq #39;s Prime Minister Iyad Allawi is the militant network #39;s number one target.
Last Part of Mustang Ranch Brothel Moved RENO, Nev. - The final section of the infamous Mustang Ranch brothel - the parlor in which the working girls lined up for customers - was airlifted four miles to the east on Sunday to the new location of the ranch at the Wild Horse Adult Resort   Spa...
U.S. Assault Weapons Ban Set to Expire SAN FRANCISCO - Ten years after it was born out of the carnage of three California mass shootings, the federal assault weapons ban is fading out of existence Monday.    While manufacturers look for a boom in business as people buy up previously banned weapons like AK-47s, Uzis and TEC-9s, police chiefs warn of an upsurge in crime...
US Airways, pilots to resume talks on concession US Airways Group Inc, struggling to avert a second bankruptcy filing since 2002, and its pilots union have agreed to resume negotiations on US\$295 million in pay-and-benefit cuts.
Cheung Kong, CapitaLand May Rise With Asian Real-Estate Stocks Asian real-estate stocks such as Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd. and CapitaLand Ltd., among this quarter #39;s best performers, may extend the gains as economic growth spurs demand for homes.
Second suits happy Holmes A month ago getting beaten would have seemed like the end of the world to the fiercely driven Kelly Holmes. But, with two Olympic gold medals to her name, it does not seem so important now.
Monza rain makes it a perfect day for Ferrari Ferrari grand slams have been taken for granted in formula one over the past five years. But Rubens Barrichello #39;s close victory over Michael Schumacher here in the Italian grand prix was a remarkable success 
Larsson lights up Nou Camp, while Braga hold Porto WITH the impeccable timing that has become his trademark, Henrik Larsson discovered his scoring touch for Barcelona on Saturday night with the second goal in his sides 2-0 win over Sevilla at the Nou Camp.
Bears-Lions Scoring Summary Chicago - Thomas Jones proved to be the Bears only source offense against the Detroit Lions. FIRST QUARTER: RB Thomas Jones two-yard touchdown run at 7:38.
Vikings 35, Cowboys 17 Culpepper threw a career-high five touchdown passes, two to Randy Moss, and led the Vikings to a 35-17 victory over the Cowboys on Sunday afternoon.
Baseball-Pierre Hits, Burnett Pitches Marlins to Easy Win Juan Pierre had three hits and AJ Burnett pitched eight solid innings as the Florida Marlins salvaged a split of their key four-game series against the Chicago Cubs with an 11-1 win in the series finale in National League play Sunday.
Ibrahimovic scores as Juventus wins opener Brescia, Italy (Sports Network) - New acquisition Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored in his debut as Juventus dominated Brescia 3-0 Sunday.
Deportivo upset by battling Osasuna MADRID: Deportivo Coruna slumped to a surprise 3-1 home defeat by Osasuna last night after the visitors fought back from a goal down and a sending-off to claim their first Primera Liga win of the season.
Violence as Karzai sacks governor DEMONSTRATORS set fire to United Nations offices and stoned United States soldiers in the Afghan city of Herat, a day after the government sacked its popular and powerful warlord as governor.
Far-right stoking civil war in Israel over Gaza, says Sharon ISRAELI prime minister Ariel Sharon yesterday warned that far-right elements could push the country into a civil war if they continue with heated rhetoric in opposition to his plan for a unilateral withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Iraqi PM Says Elections Must Go Ahead -UK Papers (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim Prime Minister told\British media in an interview published on Monday he wanted\elections to go ahead as planned in January even if violence\prevented some Iraqis from voting.
Nevada's E-Vote Free of Serious Problems (AP) AP - Alarmed by software glitches, security threats and computer crashes with ATM-like voting machines, officials from Washington, D.C., to California are considering an alternative from an unlikely place: Nevada.
Singh Spoils 100th Anniversary Party in Canada  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - Vijay Singh began his reign  as world number one with a dramatic sudden death playoff win  over Mike Weir in the Canadian Open on Sunday.
HTTP Deltas, RSS, and Differential Content Fetching \\It seems  PubSub.com is offering a bounty  on an HTTP Delta implementation\of RFC 3229.  This seems in response to the current meme  of RSS and Atom\syndication bloat.\ \First off this is certainly *very* generous of them.  I'd like to see this\happen more.  Good for you guys!\\I myself  have thought that HTTP Deltas were a viable solution but I was\wrong.\\Of course most people aren't familiar with HTTP deltas.  Eseentially what an\HTTP delta enables is a client/server differential protocol that can exchange a\patch from the server to the client.  The client is then patched and it will\then have the updated version without having to transfer the *entire* document\again.\\For example say you ...\\
More on the INDUCE Act \\"Copyright officials recommended on Thursday that U.S. law be amended so that\companies that rely on copyright infringement to make a profit can be held\liable for their actions."\\Which of course applies only to US companies.  Kazaa should be free and clear.\\...\\Should have supplied a link.  I'm a BAD blogger!\\
Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index Heads for Record; Foodland Rises Australia #39;s S amp;P/ASX 200 Index advanced for a third day and was heading for a record close. Foodland Associated Ltd. rose after full-year earnings climbed 19 percent, helped by one-time gains.
IBM eServer to support Dual-Core processors IBM announced that it will begin shipping its new eServer 326 server to its enterprise clients starting next week. This server will be an upgrade from the company #39;s previously released eServer 325 model.
Federer, Near-Perfect, Wins US Open Against Hewitt (Update2) Roger Federer got off to an almost- perfect start and beat Lleyton Hewitt 6-0, 7-6 (7-3), 6-0 for the championship at the US Open, his third Grand Slam title of the year.
Athletics: Holmes loses with smile as cruise control misfires Kelly Holmes lost a race and broke into a radiant smile. But then you can do that kind of thing when you are a double Olympic champion.
Ferrari show rolls on RUBENS Barrichello finally won his first Formula One race of the season to hand Ferrari victory on its home circuit yesterday. He punched the air in pure delight as he beat teammate Michael Schumacher at the 
Spurs frustrated by Norwichs Green LONDON: Tottenham were held to a 0-0 draw by Premier League newcomers Norwich yesterday, spurning the chance to go third in the standings behind fellow London clubs Arsenal and Chelsea.
Gunners extend winning stretch ARSENAL pulled clear at the top of the English Premier League table for the first time this season after producing a devastating change of gear to sink London rival Fulham 3-0 yesterday.
Bonds hits No. 699; Giants gain wild card lead Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - Barry Bonds hit career home run No. 699, Jason Schmidt tossed a complete game to pick up a win for the first time in five starts, and San Francisco grabbed solo possession of 
Deportivo goes down at home La Coruna, Spain (Sports Network) - Osasuna overcame a red card to shock Deportivo La Coruna Sunday, 3-1. Deportivo took a 1-0 lead into halftime on a Walter Pandiani strike in the 19th minute.
New spasm of violence sweeps across Iraq BAGHDAD: At least 110 people have been killed across Iraq in a sharp escalation of violence that saw gun battles, car bombs and bombardments rock the capital.
Nuclear agency weighs Iran steps The UN #39;s nuclear watchdog is meeting in Vienna on Monday to consider a European draft resolution aimed at addressing concern about Iran #39;s nuclear programme.
Thousands Protest Gaza and West-Bank Disengagement Nearly 100, 000 protestors, mostly Orthodox Jews, gathered in downtown Jerusalem #39;s Zion Square on Sunday night in opposition to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to evacuate settlements in the West Bank and Gaza.
Iraqi PM Says Elections Must Go Ahead -UK Papers Iraq #39;s interim Prime Minister told British media in an interview published on Monday he wanted elections to go ahead as planned in January even if violence prevented some Iraqis from voting.
Speak to my right ear, sing to my left When scientists studied babies #39; hearing they found the left ear was more attuned to music and the right better at picking up speech-like sounds.
Linda Dillman On RFID Wal-Mart #39;s CIO talks about the potential for RFID to revolutionize the retailer #39;s  quot;take-care-of-the-customer quot; processes.
Big five set their sights on mobile TV The world #39;s top five handset vendors, Nokia, Motorola, Siemens, NEC and Sony Erics, have announced a co-operative deal to investigate mobile broadcast services.
NASA: Station #39;s Oxygen Generator Fails CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. - The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship #39;s air supply next week, NASA said Thursday.
Hitachi Joins Intel In Hard Drive Standard Hitachi Global Storage Technologies Inc. and Intel Corp. have joined in supporting an interface technology proposed for compact hard-disk drives used in portable music players, handheld computers and mobile phones.
Flawless Federer is fantastic New York -- It will take years for Roger Federer to match numbers with the all-time greats of tennis. In the category of pure elegance, he might have arrived officially on Sunday.
Broncos Beat Chiefs 34-24 Behind Griffin: NFL Week 1 (Update3) Quentin Griffin rushed for 156 yards and scored three touchdowns to lead the Denver Broncos to a 34-24 win over the Kansas City Chiefs.
Europe #39;s spirit may overwhelm that of the American side Perhaps perspective had returned to the Ryder Cup after the unfortunate fan abuse directed at the European team at The Country Club near Boston in 1999 and the inappropriate celebration by American 
Owens in spotlight quickly with Eagles The City of Brotherly Love does not shower affection as freely as its moniker suggests. Philadelphia fanatics booed when the Eagles took quarterback Donovan McNabb second overall 
Pro football: Culpepper puts on a show To say Daunte Culpepper was a little frustrated watching the Dallas Cowboys run more than 10 minutes off the clock on a single first-half drive Sunday afternoon is an understatement.
Bucs #39; Lack Of Offense In Opener Was Like A Cold Blast From The &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It took them 23 minutes to make a first down. We still don #39;t know how long it took to make a touchdown, because they still haven #39;t made one.
Dolphins switch to Feeley In his first major quarterback decision of the season, Dave Wannstedt went for the safe choice. On Sunday, the Miami Dolphins coach went for the obvious one.
Arsenal breaks from the crowd Plenty of goals came courtesy of new summer signings in the Premiership Saturday but, despite an air of fresh promise abounding, there was still a familiar feel to proceedings.
Schmidt #39;s gem is golden for Giants Bonds #39; blast also helps SF take &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Phoenix -- Barry Bonds hit his 699th home run Sunday, one of his sweet-mother-of-creation, look-at-it-go blows that soared 460 feet before it smacked the giant video board that towers over center field at Bank One Ballpark.
(Sept. 12, 2004)  Quick takes on some of Week 1 #39;s more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cleveland 20, Baltimore 3: So much for the Ravens being a hot pick to return to the Super Bowl. What happened to their dominant defense?
OPEC Finds Few Options to Put a Lid On Oil Prices The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries is preparing to meet in Vienna on Wednesday in an unfamiliar and uncomfortable mood: helplessness.
No change to interest rates seen The central bank is likely to keep interest rates at historical lows for now amid worries about weakening demand for electronics goods in the second half, economists said yesterday.
Sailing away Please read this first: Following is an independent investment commentary and analysis from the Reuters.com investment channel expressing views that are not connected with Reuters News.
Tokyo Stocks Open Higher; Dollar Falls Tokyo stocks opened higher Monday following Wall Street #39;s strength on Friday. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen. The Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues was up 56.
Restrictions Likely On Some Clothing A senior United States trade official strongly suggested that the Bush administration will move in coming weeks to limit imports of Chinese clothing, opening a new front 
Foodland 2nd-Half Profit Rises 8 on One-Time Gains (Update1) Foodland Associated Ltd., which owns supermarkets in Australia and New Zealand, said second-half profit rose 8 percent, boosted by sales of property to a real estate investment trust and reduced borrowing costs.
Trump-led group may invest \$3 bil. in Incheon A group of investors, including Donald Trump Jr., plan to invest \$3 billion to develop Yeongjong Island in Incheon, a Korean legislator has said, part of a government project to create a Northeast Asian logistics hub.
Capital ups Qantas stake US investment manager Capital Group Companies Inc has increased its stake in the nation #39;s largest carrier, Qantas Airways, to 10.
French public deficit may hit 3.6 of GDP SCHEVENINGEN - The French public deficit is expected to come to 3.6 of output this year and around 3 or slightly less in 2005, Finance Minister Nicholas Sarkozy predicted.
World markets - 13 September 2004 New York - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about revenues could weigh on stocks.
Cayman Islanders flee to rooftops Cayman Islanders clambered onto rooftops and kitchen tables Sunday to escape surging the floodwaters of Hurricane Ivan. A monster storm packing 150 mph (240 kph) winds 
CORRECTED: N.Korea Blast Cause Unclear But Many Theories (Corrects dates: in paragraphs 4, 9 and 16 ...Sept... instead of ...Aug... and in paragraph 7...Sept. 8 to 9...instead of...Aug. 2 to 3.).
Sharon Says Incitement to Oppose Disengagement Plan Must End Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said opponents of his proposal to evacuate settlements in the Gaza Strip and West Bank must stop inciting the military and security forces to reject the withdrawal plan.
Police disrupt rally near tomb PANCHWAD, Sept 12: Police used a baton charge to drive back hundreds of slogan-shouting Hindu hardliners trying to make their way to the 17th century Muslim general #39;s tomb they have threatened to demolish.
US-Led Forces Retake Northern Iraqi City The US military launched a major pre-dawn assault Sunday to wrest the northern city of Tall Afar from insurgents but encountered almost no resistance, leaving uncertain 
Over 200 arrested in violence on Pinochet coup anniversary in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As many as 205 people were arrested in overnight unrest Saturday on the anniversary of the 1973 coup that led Augusto Pinochet to power.
New spasm of violence sweeps Iraq, killing 110 At least 110 people were killed across Iraq yesterday in a sharp escalation of violence that saw gun battles, car bombs and bombardments rock the capital.
Holmes runs on despite mixed feelings over future Kelly Holmes has admitted to mixed feelings about her future as it dawns on her that she will never be able to top winning two Olympic gold medals.
NFL Game Summary - Tampa Bay at Washington Landover, MD (Sports Network) - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a touchdown the first time he touched the ball and finished with 149 yards rushing on 29 carries to lead the Washington Redskins to a 16-10 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at FedEx Field 
Mayfield clears mind after owner #39;s message Ray Evernham was fighting the thick air of tension with every step on pit road. Up ahead, Mark Martin sat in his car ready to vomit -- but more on that later.
Star dust survives crash landing Scientists have salvaged intact materials from the Genesis space probe that crashed in the Utah desert last week after its parachutes failed to deploy, the US space agency said.
A Common Language for Penguins In its campaign to discredit Linux, the main rival to its Windows operating system, Microsoft (MSFT ) once published a witty print advertisement in Germany that showed four penguins standing in a row.
Skins win one for the Gibber The Washington Redskins made Joe Gibbs homecoming a festive occasion Sunday, combining an offensive bolt of lightning and a thunderous, suffocating 
In a Season Full of Tension, the Race Has Just Begun Mark Martin has finished second in the points race in Nascar #39;s premier series four times, so he knows the excruciating gut turn of coming close but not close enough.
Greens leader astounded at content of debate Australian Greens leader Bob Brown says he is astounded issues like the environment and rural and regional Australia did not rate a mention in last night #39;s debate between the Prime Minister and the Opposition leader.
OPEC #39;s choices limited ahead of Wednesday meet OPEC will do all it can to show it wants to stabilize sky-high oil prices when the cartel meets here on Wednesday, but having already maximized production there is little more it can do to calm the markets.
Overseas investors to visit South Korea hub A group of foreign investors was planning to invest \$3 billion (R19.6 billion) to develop Yeongjong Island in Incheon as part of a government project to create a northeast Asian logistics 
Feeley gets the call Coach Dave Wannstedt made official on Sunday what everyone suspected: AJ Feeley will start at quarterback for the Dolphins for the Week 2 game at Cincinnati.
Hostility Sweeps Iraq: US Gunship Target Crowd Killing Dozens BAGHDAD (Iraq): As the intensity of skirmishes swelled on the soils of Iraq, dozens of people were put to death with toxic shots by the US helicopter gunship, which targeted the civilians, milling around a burning American vehicle in a Baghdad street on 
Florida relieved as Ivan shifts MIAMI -- The outlook for South Florida and the Florida Keys improved considerably Saturday as Hurricane Ivan unexpectedly jogged west near Jamaica and forecasters kept moving the storm #39;s projected track farther over the Gulf of Mexico.
A Trump takes look at Korea SEOUL A group of investors, including Donald Trump Jr., plans to invest \$3 billion to develop Yeongjong Island in Incheon, a South Korean lawmaker said Sunday.
Speech Code From IBM to Become Open Source BM plans to announce today that it will contribute some of its speech-recognition software to two open-source software groups. The move is a tactical step by International Business Machines 
Sorenstam stays on top after 5th LPGA title BROKEN ARROW, Oklahoma, United States of America -- World number one Annika Sorenstam of Sweden captured her fifth LPGA title of the season, firing a one-under par 70 here Sunday to win the 54-hole Hammons Hotel Classic by four strokes.
Clearing obstacles Adrian Fernandez overcame an equipment failure that turned his pit stops into mini-marathons, made a key pass of Bryan Herta and then held all challengers at bay Sunday for 
Spurs frustrated by Norwich keeper Green Tottenham Hotspur were left to rue missed chances after being held to a 0-0 draw by Premier League newcomers Norwich City at White Hart Lane on Sunday.
Arsenal extends win streak Arsenal stretched its record unbeaten string in the Premier League to 45 games, Freddie Ljungberg #39;s two second-half goals -- and another from Jose Antonio Reyes -- making the difference in yesterday #39;s 3-0 victory at Fulham.
Hurricane Ivan Still Strong Hurricane Ivan has gotten stronger once again, and is back to a category five storm. Ivan #39;s sustained winds are at 160 miles-per-hour, as it leaves behind a deadly trail in the Caribbean and heads toward Cuba.
N.Korea Says Blast Part of Hydro-Electric Project  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said Monday last week's  explosion in its remote northeast was part of a hydro-electric  project, the BBC quoted the North's foreign minister as saying.
N.Korea Blast Cause Unclear But Many Theories  SEOUL (Reuters) - An accident at an underground munitions  depot or a weapons factory was the likely cause of a huge  explosion in North Korea last week, and there were possibly two  blasts, South Korean media reports said on Monday.
Legal Steps Start for Accused U.S. Deserter Jenkins  CAMP ZAMA, Japan (Reuters) - Legal procedures are under way  to decide the fate of U.S. Army Sergeant Charles Robert  Jenkins, accused of deserting to North Korea four decades ago,  a U.S. Army official said Monday.
Vary: ETag Extensions \\Sam  posts an interesting proposal.  This is better than the HTTP delta\suggestion but still has a few issues.\\The client needs to know the ETags before it can start performing differential\fetches.  With date ranges you still preserve the initial archive query.  For\example when you first subscribe to a feed you could fetch 30 days worth of\posts.  If you like the feed you can even fetch *older* posts which could be\really cool.  Also even if you still use faster checksum algorithm like CRC32 or\Adler32 you still have an O(N) performance hit for your document.  If you have a\btree on your post dates you will gave O(log(N)) for search for a much smaller\string (64bit in most situations).  F ...\\
Mayfield earns shot at the Cup Jeremy Mayfield had one very big incentive for winning Saturday #39;s Chevy Rock  amp; Roll 400 at Richmond International Raceway.
Vikes have too many weapons for  #39;Boys In the battle of two No. 1s -- the No. 1 offense of 2003 against the No. 1 defense -- the Minnesota Vikings held all the aces. They had No.
Mexico deports US teens in rehab Mexico closes three rehab centres and deports nearly 600 US teenagers having treatment for being there illegally. 
With Eye on Storm, Skittish Floridians Search for Safety With a third hurricane bearing down on Florida, thousands spent the weekend uncertain whether, when or where to flee.
Surge of Baghdad Violence Leaves 59 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding a day of violence that killed nearly 60 people nationwide as security appeared to spiral out of control.    On Monday, a series of explosions rocked the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah and clouds of smoke rose into the sky, witnesses said...
Arson Suspected in Ohio Fire, Killing 10 COLUMBUS, Ohio - A suspected arson fire raced through an apartment complex in suburban Columbus on Sunday, killing 10 people who lived in the same apartment and forcing others to jump from third-story windows to escape.    At least 53 people were left homeless by the blaze in Prairie Township, which destroyed the building's roof and third floor, melted siding and left its wooden skeleton exposed...
Ivan Slams Caymans; Cuba in Line of Fire GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan battered the Cayman Islands with ferocious 150-mph winds Sunday, flooding homes, ripping off roofs and toppling trees three stories tall as its powerful eye thundered past. It then strengthened to Category 5 as it moved Monday on course for Cuba...
Florida Keys Likely Spared Ivan's Wrath KEY WEST, Fla. - The only whooshing sound Hurricane Ivan stirred in the Keys and populous South Florida on Sunday was a sigh of relief from residents no longer fearful the 160-mph storm would make a direct hit...
IBM Rolls Out New Linux Server Using Power5 Chip  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - International Business Machines  Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Sunday announced a new computer server using  its Power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular Linux operating  system, as the No. 1 computer maker aims to broaden the  adoption of Linux in broader corporate computing markets.
Federer Beats Hewitt Easily to Win Open NEW YORK - Roger Federer is at his best against the best, when it counts the most, and he was pretty much perfect in the U.S. Open final...
Britain objects to harmonised EU tax rate Moves to harmonise corporate tax systems across the European Union are to be resuscitated, despite the objections of Britain and Ireland.
Broncos Defeat Chiefs 34-24 (AP) AP - Quentin Griffin might make the Denver Broncos forget Clinton Portis after all. Griffin ran for 156 yards and scored three touchdowns in his first game as Portis' replacement, lifting the Broncos to a 34-24 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday night.
IBM Rolls Out New Linux Server Using Power5 Chip (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines\Corp  on Sunday announced a new computer server using\its Power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular Linux operating\system, as the No. 1 computer maker aims to broaden the\adoption of Linux in broader corporate computing markets.
US Airways Files for Ch. 11 Bankruptcy (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc. sought\bankruptcy on Sunday for the second time in two years, squeezed\by low-cost rivals, soaring fuel prices and a failure to win\new labor concessions.
N.Korea Says Blast Part of Hydro-Electric Project (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea said Monday last week's\explosion in its remote northeast was part of a hydro-electric\project, the BBC quoted the North's foreign minister as saying.
N.Korea Blast Cause Unclear But Many Theories (Reuters) Reuters - An accident at an underground munitions\depot or a weapons factory was the likely cause of a huge\explosion in North Korea last week, and there were possibly two\blasts, South Korean media reports said on Monday.
Owens, McNabb Lead Eagles Past Giants (AP) AP - Terrell Owens flexed his muscles, flapped his arms and took his bows. Owens had three touchdown catches, Donovan McNabb threw for 330 yards and tied a career high with four TD passes and Brian Westbrook ran for 119 yards, leading the Philadelphia Eagles over the New York Giants 31-17 on Sunday.
BAE Systems Unit to Buy DigitalNet Deal continues a consolidation of the market and would create a \$1.2 billion information technology division ranked among the federal government's top 10 providers.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Squarespace Lets Users Manage Multi-Page Sites There are two options for publishing on the Internet in a managed way: Blogs or expensive content management products that are complicated to implement. Squarespace is the middle ground. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
US Oil Up Above  #36;43, Watches Ivan, OPEC (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil prices climbed above  #36;43 on\Monday as energy companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico\braced for possible widespread output disruptions from a\powerful hurricane and Iraq saw some of the bloodiest violence\in weeks.
UK Ad Firm Clinches Bid for U.S. Rival (Reuters) Reuters - British advertising company WPP\ on Sunday said it has won an auction for U.S. rival\Gray Global , with what sources familiar with the\matter said was a cash-and-stock deal worth about 750 million\pounds ( #36;1.34 billion).
Squarespace Lets Users Manage Multi-Page Web Sites (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Anthony Casalena was 17 when he got his first job as a programmer for a start-up called HyperOffice, a software company that makes e-mail and contact management applications for the Web. Hired as an intern, he became a regular programmer after two weeks and rewrote the main product line.
Russia Says It Can Hit Militants Abroad (AP) AP - Russia has the right to carry out pre-emptive strikes on militant bases abroad, Russia's defense minister said Sunday, citing the school hostage crisis. He said Moscow and the United States see eye to eye on fighting terrorism.
Gibbs Returns with Win as Redskins Edge Buccaneers (Reuters) Reuters - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a\touchdown and had 164 yards rushing as the Washington Redskins\used a stifling defense to edge the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 16-10\on Joe Gibbs' NFL return Sunday.
Divorcee Gets Lesson in Finance (AP) AP - At first, Kristin Briggs felt mistrust. Not toward her husband, who wanted a divorce, but toward her new financial planner.
Surge of Baghdad Violence Leaves 59 Dead (AP) AP - Insurgents hammered central Baghdad on Sunday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding a day of violence that killed nearly 60 people nationwide as security appeared to spiral out of control.
US Airways Files for Ch. 11 Bankruptcy  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. sought  bankruptcy on Sunday for the second time in two years, squeezed  by low-cost rivals, soaring fuel prices and a failure to win  new labor concessions.
Company Making Fake Urine for Research (AP) AP - Synthetic urine, which sounds like something more likely to generate snickers than sales, is turning into a small success for a Kansas company.
Scientists Say Mauna Loa May Soon Erupt (AP) AP - Earthquakes have been rumbling more frequently deep beneath Mauna Loa, suggesting that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for the first time in 20 years, scientists said.
Premiers wary of new funding formula Martin proposes for medicare (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The premiers went for Sunday dinner at Prime Minister Paul Martin's but his offer of billions more for health care left them confused, frustrated, and hungry for more.
Asian Stocks Gain, Techs Lead Charge  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian tech shares powered ahead on  Monday, driving stock markets higher, while the dollar wobbled  on weak U.S. economic data and worries about a possible  hurricane-related supply crunch pushed crude oil futures  higher.
Groups Work on Schemes to Stop Hurricanes (AP) AP - Amateur hurricane-busters have come up with any number of crackpot ideas to spare Florida from ferocious storms. Among them: blowing hurricanes away with giant fans or blowing them up with nuclear warheads.
Out of Nowhere, Kuznetsova Wins Open (AP) AP - A few days before she became the U.S. Open champion, Svetlana Kuznetsova walked into a drizzly night to play her quarterfinal match.
Amid unrest, Iraq president says vote delay would aid  quot;forces of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : Iraq #39;s interim President Ghazi al-Yawar, ahead of a meeting with US President George W. Bush, rejected any delay to January 30 polls, saying postponement would hand victory to the  quot;forces of darkness quot;.
Cisco Unveils New Routers for Business  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt;, the  biggest maker of network gear for directing Internet traffic,  on Monday said it will introduce a new line of low-end routers  in the coming weeks aimed at winning more corporate business.
Gibbs Returns with Win as Redskins Edge Buccaneers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a  touchdown and had 164 yards rushing as the Washington Redskins  used a stifling defense to edge the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 16-10  on Joe Gibbs' NFL return Sunday.
Insurers Seek Arbitration Vs. Boeing -WSJ  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Insurance underwriters have sought  legal arbitration for \$250 million in damages related to  defects in some Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; satellites, The Wall Street  Journal reported late on Sunday.
NL Wrap: Easy Win for Marlins, Bonds Hits 699th Homer  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Juan Pierre had three hits and AJ  Burnett pitched eight solid innings to help the Florida Marlins  salvage a split of their four-game series against the Chicago  Cubs with an 11-1 rout in the National League (NL) Sunday.
Bush Offers Sympathy at Russian Embassy (AP) AP - President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy on Sunday where he signed a book of condolences for victims of the school hostage seizure and expressed outrage at the actions of "evil terrorists."
Security blanket for Karzai #39;s swearing in Threatened by the Taliban, surrounded by security forces and watched by the second tier of the Bush administration, Hamid Karzai is due to be inaugurated as Afghanistan #39;s first democratically elected president this morning.
AL Wrap: Late Homers by Sheffield, Matsui Rally Yankees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gary Sheffield and Hideki Matsui  thumped back-to-back homers in the ninth inning to rally the  New York Yankees to a 9-7 victory over the Baltimore Orioles in  the American League Sunday.
Dollar Slips Vs Yen as U.S. Data Awaited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged down against the yen on  Monday, extending losses made after a decline in U.S. producer  prices led investors to question whether the Federal Reserve  would raise interest rates in September and beyond.
Federer Title Win Beyond His Wildest Dreams  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Federer never thought in his  "wildest dreams" he would win the U.S. Open.
Eagles Lose OL Andrews  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Offensive lineman Shawn  Andrews, Philadelphia's No. 1 draft pick this year, suffered a  fractured right leg in Sunday's game against the New York  Giants. Head coach Andy Reid said after the Eagles' 31-17  victory that Andrews will miss the rest of the season.
Federer Is Too Much for Hewitt in U.S. Open Final Roger Federer won the U.S. Open over Lleyton Hewitt and became the first player since Mats Wilander in 1988 to win three Grand Slam titles in one year.
Gibbs Shows How to Go Home Again Clinton Portis took the handoff and sped down the right sideline, past Coach Joe Gibbs, for a 64-yard touchdown in the signal moment in the Redskins' victory.
U.S. May Limit Chinese Imports   BEIJING, Sept.12 -- A senior United States trade official strongly suggested that the Bush administration will move in coming weeks to limit imports of Chinese clothing, opening a new front in a simmering trade conflict with the world's most populous country in the final weeks of the presidential campaign.
A Stodgy Style, but BellSouth Starts to Loosen Its Top Button BellSouth's approach to business has been stable, disciplined, anything but flashy. But now the company is slowly shedding its conservative approach.
At Disney, Mending Fences or Moving On? Without Michael D. Eisner at the helm of the Walt Disney Company, will Harvey Weinstein and Steven P. Jobs stay as partners?
The Customer Relationship Expert Takes a Dose of Its Own Medicine Since 1993, Siebel dominated the market for customer service software. In recent years, however, it has stumbled. Can it regain its former glory?
Owens Takes Flight The Eagles' connection of Donovan McNabb-to-Terrell Owens hooks up three times as they easily run past the Giants, 31-17, on Sunday.
Yanks Walk Over O's Gary Sheffield and Hideki Matsui hit consecutive homers in the ninth inning, and the Yankees take advantage of 14 walks in a 9-7 win over the Orioles on Sunday.
Off To a Fast Start Call it a fluke, or the upset of the week, or whatever you want. Fresno State's players and coaches don't think of it that way.
Give this man an award The chants of  quot;MVP, MVP quot; followed Gary Sheffield from Yankee Stadium, headed down I-95 and spent the weekend at Camden Yards, home of the Orioles in name only when the Yankees are in town.
NEXTEL CUP: THE RACE BEFORE THE CHASE: Mayfield comes up with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Richmond --- With the stakes as high as they #39;ve ever been in a  quot;regular-season quot; Nextel Cup race, Jeremy Mayfield turned in the performance of his career, winning the Chevy Rock and Roll 400 at Richmond International Raceway and clinching a berth in the 10 
Bonds Bombs No. 699 Barry Bonds hits his 699th home run, and the Giants regain the NL wild-card lead with a 5-2 win over the Diamondbacks on Sunday.
Singh Bests Weir Vijay Singh won another dramatic duel by beating Mike Weir Sunday in a playoff at the Canadian Open in Oakville, Ontario, and denying the fans a celebration they have wanted for 50 years.
Idaho Hot Potato: Tech Companies A sparsely populated western state best known for potatoes is becoming a magnet for tech entrepreneurs. The slow pace, absence of traffic and low-rise landscape has helped lure 800 tech companies to the state.
Oracle ruling highlights complexity of market Business-software maker's antitrust victory may pave way for accelerated merger activity in overcrowded IT markets, experts say.
Rice's Car Crashes Adrian Fernandez wins the Delphi Indy 300, but is overshadowed by a crash that sent Buddy Rice's car skidding upside down along the track.
Borland updates its life-cycle tools New versions of CaliberRM and StarTeam are intended to ease communication between developers and businesspeople.
Cisco routers get an upgrade The new wide area network access routers feature embedded security measures and voice over Internet Protocol.
US Airways again files for bankruptcy protection In another sign of the troubles facing the nation #39;s biggest airlines, US Airways filed Sunday for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection for the second time since 2002.
Rubin criticizes Bush #39;s fiscal policy BOSTON (CBS.MW) - Former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin took aim at the Bush Administration over the weekend, calling the fiscal policy of the past three-and-half years  quot;horrendous.
Investors may be edgy on earning warnings NEW YORK - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and corporate earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about company revenues could weigh on stocks.
Redskins relish their difficult victory Joe Gibbs #39; much-anticipated second term as Washington Redskins head coach opened yesterday with a hard-fought 16-10 triumph over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Rough weekend for Big 12 North Going into the season, there were many uncertainties about the quality of the Big 12 North. And questions remain with Missouri, Kansas State and Nebraska suffering upsets this past week.
Speech Code From I.B.M. to Become Open Source I.B.M. plans to announce that it will contribute some of its speech-recognition software to two open-source software groups.
Violent Chilean anniversary. Three people with bullet injuries and over 200 arrests, was the final count of the violent protests in Santiago and other Chilean cities last Saturday, the 31st anniversary of the military coup led by former General Augusto Pinochet.
Nortel, Under Deep Scrutiny, Now Faces Chinese Competition Not only is Nortel Networks mired in an accounting scandal, it now faces increased competition from Chinese upstarts.
New Logo and Tagline for Xerox Xerox is saying goodbye to an old slogan as it moves beyond "The Document Company," to include technology and consulting.
Free Code Graphing \\"The fcgp comes from Rusty Russell's Linux Kernel Graphing Project (lgp) - and\that's basically still the current state. While being much more optimized than\the original, the code is still in several regards specific to the Linux\kernel (the 2.4 series). I (creinig) happened to be the first (and only) one\to actually submit a patch and when Rusty ran out of time, he "convinced" me\to take over maintenance :-)"\\"The code takes a Linux kernel source distribution, crunches over it for about\35 minutes on a 400MHz machine / 11 minutes on a 1.2GHz Athlon (as of V2.5.2),\requiring up to 90MB RAM at peak times and about 240MB disk space (without\kernel sources) and finally produces a 22MB post ...\\
Qantas seeks more flights to India NEW DELHI/SYDNEY: Australia #39;s flag carrier Qantas Airways Ltd has initiated talks with the Indian government to expand its presence in India.
Philippine Shares End At Record High; Telecom Stks #39; Gain MANILA (Dow Jones)--Philippines shares closed at a new 53-month high Monday, lifted by steady investor interest in key blue chips, particularly telecommunications stocks.
Resort town becomes wireless hotspot #39; Lightning-fast wireless Internet access, anywhere, anytime has been the elusive goal of Internet junkies and e-mail-a-holics. It #39;s finally arrived - in Grand Haven, Mich.
Floppy disk spins its way toward graveyard ATLANTALong the most common way to store letters, homework and other computer files, the floppy disk is going the way of the horse upon the arrival of the car: it #39;ll hang around, but never hold the same relevance in everyday life.
WPP GRABS GREY FOR \$1.5B British advertising agency company WPP Group PLC has clinched a deal to buy Grey Global Group of New York in a cash-and-stock deal valued at \$1.
Techs lead Nikkei #39;s rally TOKYO, Japan -- Tokyo #39;s Nikkei 225 average is almost 1.4 percent higher in afternoon trade Monday as investors take a cue from gains in US technology stocks, snapping up Toshiba, Hitachi and other lagging high-tech issues.
Western Afghan city quiet after bloody clashes HERAT, Afghanistan: The western Afghan city of Herat has returned to calm following bloody riots over the sacking of the local governor which left at least four people dead and 50 injured.
Iraqi resistance pushes the US back Iraqi resistance fighters are steadily rolling back the US-led occupation of their country, turning one city after another into a no-go zone for the occupation troops.
U.S. Bomb Insurgent Stronghold of Fallujah (AP) AP - U.S. warplanes and artillery units bombed the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Monday, killing at least nine people and wounding 12, hospital officials and witnesses said.
Progress in Jakarta blast probe Police investigating last week's car bombing in Jakarta find the chassis number of the vehicle used.
expressway to neutrality WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The slew of speeches in the past week by Fed officials have cemented views that the Federal Open Market Committee will raise rates on Sept.
Stakeholder says US Airways Ch. 11 filing  quot;necessary quot; A major stakeholder in US Airways Group Inc. (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Sunday said the airline #39;s second filing for bankruptcy protection in two years was a  quot;difficult 
Bayer links with Schering-Plough Germany #39;s Bayer AG has entered into a strategic pharmaceuticals alliance with Schering-Plough, Bayer said Monday. It said Schering-Plough would market and distribute some Bayer 
Let a Thousand Ideas Flower: China Is a New Hotbed of Research Harry Shum #39;s office may be one of the best places to witness the next stage of China #39;s rise as an economic powerhouse. Set in the heart of the Haidian District in Beijing, with its 
Pennsylvania porn law struck down A PENNSYLVANIA law which was designed to prevent Internet users from child pornography has been chucked out because it blocks free speech.
Microsoft works to block iPod BOFFINS AT the company which prides itself on its security excellence, Microsoft, are working out ways of keeping Apple #39;s iPod users from plugging into networks.
Transmeta ships 90 nanometre processor TRANSMETA HAS started shipping limited quantities of its X86 compatible Efficeon TM8800 processor, a low-powered CPU fabbed on 90-nanometre silicon.
Sasser teen charged Sven Jaschan has been charged with computer sabotage, data manipulation and disruption of public systems. More than 143 Sasser victims have contacted prosecutors to report the damage they suffered in the vague hope of compensation.
Santini praises Green Tottenham boss Jacques Santini was left ruing Norwich keeper Robert Green #39;s string of impressive saves after his side were held to a goalless draw.
Sunday, September 12, 2004 Questions Answered Heading into the first game of a new season, every team has question marks. But in 2004, the Denver Broncos seemed to have more than normal.
Three soldiers killed, three wounded in Iraq terrorist attack Three Polish soldiers died, while three others were wounded in Sunday #39;s terrorist attack in Iraq, 25 kilometers from the American base in Al-Hilla.
no NH effect from US Airways woes The airline industrys financial crisis deepened yesterday as cash-strapped US Airways Group Inc., the nations seventh-largest carrier, filed for bankruptcy protection for the second time in two years.
Japan #39;s Nikkei Average, Topix Advance; Toyota, Advantest Gain Japan #39;s Nikkei 225 Stock Average rose 56.74, or 0.5 percent, to 11,139.97 at 9:01 am in Tokyo. The broader Topix index gained 5.35, or 0.5 percent, to 1132.
MR. WATCHDOG Plan ahead to protect interests Here #39;s what consumers ought to know about flying on the dominant airline for much of the Carolinas. Q. Will US Airways keep flying if the airline files again for bankruptcy?
Clydesdale  #39;saved from axe #39; CLYDESDALE Bank is being tipped to avoid the axe when parent National Australia Bank reveals the outcome of its review of European operations later this month.
Bayer to Cooperate With Schering-Plough on Sales in US, Japan Bayer AG, Germany #39;s second-biggest drug and chemical maker, formed a marketing partnership with US rival Schering-Plough Corp.
Federer enters record books with US Open win Federer was close to perfection as he raced through the first set in 18 minutes, dropping only five points. Hewitt fought back winning a tie-break in the second, before Federer stormed through the third to 
Cheers, jeers and overcoming fears in golf #39;s ultimate contest The last putt on the last hole of the last match. Bernhard Langer playing Hale Irwin and Langer has a six-footer for Europe to retain the Ryder Cup.
Cowboys #39; defense drops the ball No one had to remind Dallas and Minnesota about how little Sunday #39;s opener at the Metrodome means over the course of a full season.
Angry mob burns aid compounds Angry mobs loyal to ousted Gov. Ismail Khan burned half a dozen international aid compounds, looted their contents and stoned national army troops sent to keep order 
Iran rejects European demands to halt N-tech drive TEHRAN: Iran on Sunday rejected European demands to abandon its  quot;sensitive nuclear activities quot; but reiterated its readiness to provide assurances that its atomic ambitions were entirely peaceful.
Breakthrough in Embassy Bombing-Australia Investigators have found the chassis number of the van used in the Jakarta embassy attack, the same breakthrough that led to the identification of the Bali bombers, a top Australian policeman said Monday.
Turbulent times for US airline companies NEW YORK : Storms, skyrocketing fuel prices, cutthroat competition and labor costs have shaped turbulent times for US airlines, and the troubles are starting to trickle down to the low-cost carriers.
Sears Begins Selling Apparel, Home Fashions Online NEW YORK (Dow Jones)-- Sears Roebuck  amp; Co. (S) today unveiled its softer side on the Web for the first time as part of an effort to steer its faltering apparel business in the right direction.
BAE buys IT supplier to Pentagon UK defence giant BAE has acquired a leading American IT supplier to the Pentagon at a cost of \$600m (334m). Virginia-based DigitalNet provides services to US federal government agencies, including the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security.
AstraZeneca shares fall on US drug blow AstraZeneca shares have fallen more than 6 percent after a US medical panel recommended regulators reject its anti-clotting pill Exanta, a key product for the company #39;s future growth.
Strong summer for house prices House price inflation accelerated in July to 14.3 percent year-on-year, from 13.9 percent in June, official data shows, showing the property market still had plenty of momentum this summer.
Bayer Announces Schering-Plough Alliance German chemical and drug maker Bayer AG announced Monday it has entered a strategic alliance with the Schering-Plough Corporation that will have the New Jersey-based company market and distribute Bayer #39;s primary care pharmaceutical products in the United 
Cisco Unveils New Routers for Business Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the biggest maker of network gear for directing Internet traffic, on Monday said it will introduce a new line of low-end routers 
New toys for wireless crowd As co-stars of an elite, wireless-oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: A weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. Their decibel assault at this year #39;s 6th annual DEMOmobile show in San Diego was the 
CHINA PRESS: Shanghai Auto Plans \$6B IPO In HK, New York BEIJING (Dow Jones)--Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp. (Group), one of China #39;s three major state-run automakers, plans to go public in both Hong Kong and New York in January after a \$6 billion initial public 
Germany #39;s DAX Index Gains, Led by Bayer; Infineon and SAP Rise German stocks advanced, led by Bayer AG, after the company said it formed a marketing partnership with a US competitor. The benchmark DAX Index rose 30.
Cell phone switching can cost in billing Switching to a new cell phone provider is supposed to be easier than ever due to new rules that let you keep your phone number. But jilted carriers aren #39;t giving up without a parting shot.
AUTO INDUSTRY REPORT: Toyota considers new plant in European &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Toyota Motor Corp. is considering building a factory in Russia or elsewhere in eastern Europe as vehicle sales in the region may increase faster than in the rest of Europe, Toyota #39;s president said.
Linux group pushes for greater standardisation The Free Standards Group, a US-based non-profit trade organisation, is expected to announce widespread industry support for Linux Standard Base 2.0, an effort to develop a standard version of the open source operating system.
UPDATE: Australia #39;s Foodland Net Up 19 On Asset Sales PERTH (Dow Jones)--Buoyed by one-off gains from the sale of property assets and a New Zealand department store business, Australasian retailer Foodland Associated Ltd.
Bush Focusing on Health Care in Michigan (AP) AP - On health care, President Bush says he stands with the doctors and Americans who are struggling to find affordable medical services. Democrat John Kerry says Bush has stood idle as medical bills have skyrocketed during his presidency.
Nokia aims handsets at the cocktail set Nokia yesterday launched three new tri-band phones with fashion inspired designs that have allowed the company to add a twist to the common keypad.
IBM Debuts Power5 Server Line for Linux Harking to the belief that Linux is replacing Windows, Unix and other operating systems in small and medium-sized businesses, IBM unveiled a new server line optimized for the open source operating system.
Young cyber-bullies a menace in Singapore: Report High-tech Singapore has the highest incidence of bullying among kids via the Internet of any country outside the United States, a report said on Monday.
Sendo Microsoft Dispute Settled In one of those  quot;legal quot; announcements which leaves the curious unsatisfied Sendo and Microsoft have announced they have settled their dispute.
Taiwan teen nabbed for running sex service website TAIPEI: A 13-year-old boy was arrested in Taiwan for allegedly running an online sexual services site and recruiting minors to join it, reports said last Saturday.
Intel suggests upgrading internet to Intelnet Intel is working on ways to upgrade the internet with a new layer of technology that could help the network detect and warn of worm attacks on its own and re-route network traffic to avoid delays.
Broadcom warns of Q3 flatness MAJOR CHIP maker Broadcom (tick: BRCM) said that it has revised its figures for revenues in its third quarter. It said revenues are now expected to be flat or  quot;up slightly quot; compared to its second quarter revenues.
Skype for Pocket PC takes to the air Consumer internet telephony firm Skype Technologies has unveiled a version of its software which supports handhelds running Microsoft #39;s Pocket PC operating system.
Telecom Italia Trials IPTV Services With Microsoft Telecom Italia will begin testing the Microsoft IPTV platform. The Microsoft TV IPTV platform enables broadband network operators to deliver high-quality video content and services using existing and next-generation networks.
BBC Technology Announces New Deal with Npr #39;s Public Radio &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; media-driven organisations, today announced that it has been appointed by the distribution division of NPR(R) (National Public Radio(R)) to implement a new digital distribution system for the Public Radio Satellite System (PRSS) in the United States.
Olsson, Williams-Darling to split \$1 million track jackpot Triple-jumper, runner strike it rich: Triple-jumper Christian Olsson of Sweden and runner Tonique Williams-Darling of the Bahamas will split the \$1 million jackpot after winning yesterday in Berlin at the season #39;s final IAAF Golden League meet.
Tottenham 0 Norwich 0 Tottenham continued their unbeaten run to the season after being held to a goalless draw by Norwich at White Hart Lane on Sunday. Spurs had a number of chances to break the deadlock, but City goalkeeper Robert 
STEELERS 24, RAIDERS 21 Instant replay -- PIT: Bettis 1 run (Reed kick), 6:29. Drive: 15 plays, 67 yards, 8:31. Key plays: Maddox 10 run on 3rd-and-8 to Steelers #39; 45; Maddox 12 pass to Ward on 3rd-and-7 to Raiders #39; 40; Maddox 11 pass to Randle El on 3rd-and-5 to Raiders #39; 19.
Secondary lacking Will power The Giants #39; defensive problems didn #39;t begin with the cornerbacks but they certainly culminated in their vicinity. Wherever there was a Will, it appeared, there was a nearby official signaling for a touchdown.
Browns kept Lewis under wraps all day CLEVELAND - Baltimore running back Jamal Lewis said he  quot;was satisfied #39; #39; with his performance yesterday, which was an odd reaction to a day in which he carried the ball 20 times for 57 yards.
Ivan Moving Westward Between Cuba, Mexico; Alabama Threatened Hurricane Ivan, responsible for at least 60 deaths in the Caribbean, was expected to move westward later today, lessening the threat to Cuba and prompting a warning for Mexico #39;s Yucatan Peninsula.
Iraq #39;s wave of attacks US troops and the interim Iraqi government faced an onslaught of car bombings, mortar attacks and gun battles yesterday during a series of insurgent attacks that began in the 
Israel to Begin Gaza Compensation Payments JERUSALEM Sept. 13, 2004 - Israel will offer large cash advances on compensation to Jewish settlers to entice them to leave their homes, Cabinet ministers said Monday, a day after tens of thousands demonstrated 
Australian PM says no regrets over SMS statement after Jakarta &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY, Australia (AFP): Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Monday he did not regret a releasing details of an SMS that reportedly warned of an attack minutes before his country #39;s Jakarta embassy was bombed last week.
Russia claims right to strike first Russia and the United States see eye to eye on fighting terrorism, Russia #39;s defense minister said yesterday, while reiterating that Moscow reserves the right to carry out 
Clashes continue between security forces and militants in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WANA, Pakistan - Pakistani security forces used artillery against suspected militants Monday in the restive South Waziristan tribal region even as the army reported that fighting had subsided with about a dozen people dead.
Update 1: China Eyes More Measures to Slow Economy China #39;s key inflation indicator remained at 5.3 percent in August, the government reported Monday, in the latest release of data suggesting economic planners might take further action to slow the booming economy.
Unanimity Slows EU Response in Sudan Lack of agreement keeps the EU from flexing its foreign policy muscles. That is especially apparent in Darfur #39;s humanitarian catastrophe, which has ministers  quot;extremely concerned quot; but unable to enforce any action.
Kerry sees 'route to a nuclear 9/11' in North Korea (AFP) AFP - US presidential hopeful John Kerry slammed President George W. Bush's North Korea policy amid reports of a mysterious blast in the isolated Asian state.
Legal Steps Start for Accused U.S. Deserter Jenkins  CAMP ZAMA, Japan (Reuters) - Legal steps are under way to  decide the fate of U.S. Army Sergeant Charles Robert Jenkins,  accused of deserting to North Korea in 1965, a U.S. Army  official said Monday as the 64-year-old soldier got set to  return to active duty for the first time in four decades.
Trend Micro Gives Away Mobile Antivirus App Trend Micro will become the latest major antivirus software company to provide protection against mobile phone viruses, with new antivirus and antispam software for mobile phones running the Microsoft Windows Mobile and Symbian operating systems.
Afghan City Calm After Bloody Governor Protests  HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - The western Afghan city of  Herat was calm Monday following bloody clashes between  supporters of the powerful ousted governor and U.S. and Afghan  forces sent to keep the peace.
UN Meets on Iran Nuclear Plans Amid Bomb Fears  VIENNA (Reuters) - The U.N. nuclear watchdog begins a  meeting Monday to consider a European draft resolution on  Iran's atomic program, which Washington says is a cover for  developing a nuclear weapon.
Democrats Make Lackluster Gains in HK Elections  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong's democrats fell short  Monday of expectations in legislative elections after voters  wary of alienating China's communist rulers chose the stability  offered by the Beijing camp.
Congo Government Loyalists Say Capture Rebel Base  KINSHASA (Reuters) - Militia loyal to the Congolese  government captured the main base used by rebels waging an  uprising in the east of the country after a week-long offensive  by government troops, a militia commander said Monday.
Putin tightens grip on security Russian President Vladimir Putin announces a radical overhaul of state bodies in response to recent attacks.
US 'kills 22' in Afghan firefight US forces kill 22 suspected Taleban militants in southern Afghanistan, the American military says.
Tennis: Federer celebrates Roger Federer struggles to come to terms with winning his third Grand Slam of 2004 at the US Open.
Cameroon polls 'will not be fair' The leader of Cameroon's main opposition party calls for reforms ahead of next month's poll.
SA mining giant rows with Mbeki South Africa's largest mining company, Anglo American, tries to defuse an investment row with President Mbeki.
Sixteen die in Nepal bus plunge At least 16 people are killed as a bus plunges into a river in central Nepal, police say.
'UK must lead on climate change' Michael Howard accuses Tony Blair of squandering the chance to lead efforts against climate change.
AstraZeneca hit by drug rejection Shares in drug giant AstraZeneca fall after a US medical panel recommends that regulators reject its new drug Exanta.
Chicago and Cabaret lyricist dies Fred Ebb, the lyricist who wrote Chicago and the classic song New York, New York, dies of a heart attack.
Commander disagreed with invasion FALLUJAH, Iraq -- The outgoing commander of US Marines in Iraq said yesterday that he disagreed with the order that sent his troops to invade the restive city of Fallujah in early April and with the decision to halt the attack days later, when he believed they were within days of victory.
Handover infuriates Afghans HERAT, Afghanistan -- Angry mobs loyal to ousted governor Ismail Khan burned half a dozen international aid compounds, looted their contents, and stoned national army troops sent to keep order yesterday as the newly named provincial governor was welcomed at an ornate palace ceremony in this remote western city.
Ivan rips Caymans, aims toward Cuba PINAR DEL RIO, Cuba -- Hurricane Ivan, which has left at least 60 people dead in its devastating sweep across the Caribbean, battered the Cayman Islands yesterday and set its course toward Cuba, where authorities were girding for possibly the worst storm in living memory.
N. Korea cloud not seen as N-test WASHINGTON -- The United States has received indications North Korea might be trying to test a nuclear weapon, but there is no evidence that a large mushroom cloud that reportedly billowed up from North Korea Thursday was linked to the communist nation's suspected nuclear weapons program, a senior Bush administration official said yesterday.
Record turnout in Hong Kong election HONG KONG -- A record 1.7 million Hong Kong voters cast ballots yesterday for an election that sent a fresh contingent of prodemocracy opposition politicians to the legislature, but fewer than the outright majority feared by Beijing's allies, exit polls indicated.
Sharon says opponents of pullout calling for a civil war JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel lashed out yesterday against what he called growing incitement toward violence by opponents of his Gaza Strip withdrawal plan, while thousands of Jewish settlers and their supporters gathered in the city to protest the proposed pullout.
Boston-area groups ready to offer relief The halls of Unity Sports and Cultural Club in Dorchester will fill with food, water, and tents this week, as the Caribbean club becomes a collection site for supplies headed for hurricane-devastated Grenada.
Report: N.Korea Says Explosion Was Planned SEOUL, South Korea - North Korea said Monday that the large explosion near its border with China several days ago was a "deliberate detonation of a mountain" as part of a hydroelectric project, the BBC reported.    The reclusive communist regime responded to a request for information from British Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell, who is visiting Pyongyang, the British Broadcasting Corp...
Hong Kong's Opposition Gains More Clout HONG KONG - Pro-democracy opposition figures gained more clout in Hong Kong's legislature with three new seats, but they fell short of expectations and resumed grumbling Monday about a system they call unfairly rigged.    Although the opposition remains stuck mainly with the power to criticize, it gained a loud new voice with the stunning election win by Hong Kong's top protester, "Longhair" Leung Kwok-hung, who is known for burning flags and raising a ruckus in his trademark Che Guevara T-shirt...
Hurricane Ivan Heads to Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan pummeled the Cayman Islands with fierce winds that ripped off roofs and floodwaters that swamped homes, then strengthened to an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm as it headed for western Cuba on Monday.    The hurricane, one of the strongest on record to hit the region, has killed at least 65 people across the Caribbean and threatens millions more people in its projected path...
AP: Witness Shows Weakness in Bashir Case JAKARTA, Indonesia - Prosecutors have pinned their case against an alleged terror chief on a former comrade, who plans to testify that cleric Abu Bakar Bashir heads the al-Qaida-linked network blamed for numerous attacks, including last week's bombing of the Australian Embassy.    But in an interview with The Associated Press, key witness Nasir Abbas insisted that the Jemaah Islamiyah network is not a terrorist organization and he described Bashir as "just an Islamic teacher," saying he didn't know whether the 66-year-old played any role in terrorism...
US Airways Seeks Bankruptcy Protection ARLINGTON, Va. - US Airways has assured customers they won't notice any changes following its decision to file for bankruptcy protection, the second time in two years the airline has sought such help as it struggles against lower-cost rivals...
Shake-down in low-cost sector The plight of Polish low-cost carrier Air Polonia, which ceased operating on Sunday, is not the only warning that the wave of new capacity launched earlier this year serving the new European Union member states was over-ambitious.
FDA Panel Urges More Studies of Stroke Med A US advisory panel on Friday recommended against approving AstraZeneca #39;s new stroke prevention medication, Exanta, citing concerns about the drug #39;s effect on the liver.
Six militants killed in clash with Pakistan troops near Afghan &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistani troops have killed six suspected al-Qaeda militants in a clash in the rugged South Waziristan region bordering Afghanistan.
Alcatel, Nokia sign Libya phone deal The deal will involve the creation of new mobile phone network with a capacity of 2.5 million phone lines. TRIPOLI: Libya #39;s state-run post and telecommunications company has signed a 200 million euro (\$244 
US Open Finals Feature No Americans Description: NPR #39;s Jennifer Ludden talks to Tandelaya Wilder, host of She Got Game, about the results of the US Open tennis finals.
BAE Systems Unit to Buy DigitalNet BAE Systems North America announced a deal Saturday to acquire Herndon-based DigitalNet Holdings Inc. for \$595 million in cash, pushing it further into the growing government information technology market.
Microsoft settles with Sendo in cell phone dispute Microsoft and British phone maker Sendo said on Monday they had settled a lawsuit in which the cell phone firm had accused the software giant of stealing its technology and customers.
Weir sinks in playoff With the weight of a nation on his shoulders, Canadian lefty finds water on third playoff hole while No. 1 Vijay Singh keeps his cool.
Jets able to contain Rudi Rudi Johnson knew he was going to be a marked man before the season began. He found out how much so Sunday in the Bengals 31-24 loss to the New York Jets at the Meadowlands.
Eagles open to rave reviews Owens, Westbrook and McNabb have &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PHILADELPHIA  For the Philadelphia Eagles, it was a case of in with the new, and also in with some of the old. For the New York Giants, it was more of what has become the same stale story.
N Korea says explosion was controlled demolition North Korea says last week #39;s massive explosion in a remote area of the country #39;s north was the result of deliberate demolition work.
Sears goes to Lands #39; End to boost Web site Sears Roebuck and Co. goofed its rollout of Lands #39; End apparel in Sears stores, but it #39;s counting on winning the online war with Lands #39; End #39;s unique shopping technology.
Nokia Announces Fashion Phones: Nokia 7280, 7270 and 7260 Nokia launched three new phones at a major fashion event that might just match the clothing, purse or jewelry you are wearing. According to the press release: The sleek and sexy Nokia 7280 offers a completely 
Breaking the Chechnya impasse The Russian rage over the terrorists #39; slaughter of innocents in Beslan is still fresh. The world still stands in disbelief. And now, Russians wait for the response from President Vladimir Putin.
US Forces Kill 22 Afghan Insurgents KABUL, Afghanistan Sept. 13, 2004 - US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents, including several Arabs, in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Monday.
WPP Says It Will Pay \$1.52 Billion for Grey Global (Update4) WPP Group Plc, the world #39;s second- largest marketing and advertising company, said it will pay about \$1.52 billion for Grey Global Group Inc.
Rattay rallies, but effort falls short Turnovers near their opponents #39; goal line. Missed tackles near their own end zone. One 49ers quarterback after the other getting pummeled and injuring their shoulders.
Notebook: Browns reach back for win over Ravens As they left the tunnel, the Cleveland Browns paused to touch the 1964 championship trophy. They then played as if they want one for themselves.
Not how they planned it Im surprised about the whole ordeal. It wasnt supposed to be like that, Williams said. Not after the Giants put 22 new faces on their active roster, brought 
A look back Defense and special teams keep Tampa Bay in it until an interception leads to the winning field goal. By RICK STROUD, Times Staff Writer.
UK July Annual House Prices Rise Most in a Year (Update1) UK house prices in July grew at their fastest pace in a year as higher interest rates failed to damp demand for property, a government survey showed.
Scientists Think Data From Space Capsule Can Be Salvaged Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission #39;s science, optimistic researchers said Friday.
Nokia to supply Libya with network HELSINKI - Nokia, the world #39;s largest handset maker, said it had received a 98-milllion-euro order from Libya #39;s General Post and Telecommunications Company for a mobile phone network.
Hewitt cops a Federer hiding WORLD No.1 Roger Federer put on a punishing display of power tennis to defeat Lleyton Hewitt 6-0 7-6 (7-3) 6-0 in the US Open men #39;s final today.
Blatter in blast over media ban FIFA president Sepp Blatter will today urge Sven-Goran Eriksson and the Football Association to take action against England #39;s players for refusing to talk to the media last week.
Eagles off to a flying start This is why the Eagles wanted Terrell Owens, and this is why Terrell Owens wanted the Eagles. The All-Pro wide receiver caught three touchdown passes in his Eagles debut, and 
Open Source Law and National Security How many paragraphs of rules and regulations can a society have before no one can predict how it will respond to critical situations?  The answer, as demonstrated on 9/11/2001 is:  "Not very many."  Lawyers need to go open source and let the public bang on their code.
Jikes and the Open Source Process \\Jikes is a great compiler but they could really benefit from better project\management.\\This bug  has been open for greater than 3 years now with no resolution.  One\of the developers sent me a *private* email (without commenting or closing the\bug) this this could be fixed by avoiding the use of symlinks but wasn't sure.\Of course this email was sent more than 2 years ago so I have no decent way of\finding it.\\Adding insult to injury is the fact that IBM won't let me comment on the bug\without an account.  The only problem is that my account won't activate.\\In a nutshell if you want to use incremental compile with jikes you need to\specify relative paths not full paths.\\For example if y ...\\
MS, Apple pitch music at mobile phone makers &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Deals with network operators make more sense
Microsoft and Sendo settle case A lawsuit in which mobile maker Sendo accused Microsoft of stealing its technology and customers is settled.
Site bolsters racism awareness A website is launched with the aim of educating people in Scotland to challenge racism and intolerance.
Psychic action enthrals gamers Second Sight offers a compelling storyline that keeps gamers coming back for me.
At Last, Success on the Road for Lions (AP) AP - The Detroit Lions went three full seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL record for road futility. They ended that ignominious streak Sunday in their first opportunity of the season, beating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field.
Barry Bonds Hits 699th Career Home Run (AP) AP - Barry Bonds moved within one homer of 700 with a drive that will be remembered  #151; a 460-foot shot off the center-field scoreboard at Bank One Ballpark.
Neo-Nazi tried for Chirac assassination attempt Maxime Brunerie was allegedly searching for a peculiar kind of immortality when he decided to hide a .22 rifle in his guitar case, and use it to fire it in the direction of President Jacques Chirac during a Bastille Day parade along the Champs Elyses 
Meche Shuts Out Red Sox; Colon Wins 15th (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox were beating up on pitchers  #151; until they ran into Gil Meche.
Putin Meets With Cabinet, Governors (AP) AP - Responding to a spate of deadly terror attacks, President Vladimir Putin on Monday announced a series of far-reaching initiatives that would significantly strengthen the Kremlin's control over the country's political life.
Sears Launches Venture for Online Sales (AP) AP - Sears, Roebuck and Co., which has successfully sold its tools and appliances on the Web, is counting on having the same magic with bedspreads and sweaters, thanks in part to expertise gained by its purchase of Lands' End Inc.
Will Expand Beyond's Patents Lead to New Partnerships? (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Wireless software provider Expand Beyond has been awarded 46 patents for its wireless monitoring and management software #151;what will that mean for the company?
US Air Seeks Cost Cuts in 2nd Bankruptcy  ALEXANDRIA, Va., Sept 13 (Reuters) - US Airways plans to  slash costs under its second bankruptcy of the decade, in a bid  to become more like the discount airlines that threaten its  survival.
EU waits on Oracle-PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The European Commission is likely to follow opinion in the U.S. on the merger suit.
European Shares Gain, But Bonds Slip  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets were lifted  Monday by a tech-led rebound on Wall Street Friday and gains in  Asia, but euro zone government bonds fell after hawkish  comments from a key European Central Bank official.
Nokia Signs \$146M Deal With Libya Nokia has signed a contract with the Libyan post office for a nationwide mobile network and equipment, in a deal valued at euro120 million (US\$146 million), the Finnish company said Monday.
UPDATE 2-Juventus and Roma make winning starts in Serie A Serie A title hopefuls Juventus and AS Roma made winning starts on Sunday, gaining an early advantage on rivals AC Milan and Inter who were held to draws on Saturday.
Hurricane Ivan moving onward towards Cuba While the Cayman Islands remain under a hurricane warning, Hurricane Ivan is now moving on to a date with western Cuba.  quot;Preparations to protect life and property should be rushed to completion, quot; warned the 
Eta bombs keep up pressure on national holiday The Basque terrorist group Eta yesterday gave its second violent reminder in four days that it was still active by exploding bombs in seven cities on Spain #39;s constitution day public holiday.
Sprint, AT T to Pay About \$1.5 Million for Unfair Practices Agreement to settle government charges that companies denied or limited phone service to hundreds of thousands of customers they considered credit risks without notifying the consumers of their rights.
Plugged Into the Market Happy Hash wanted his real estate agent to sell his two-story Colonial house in Springfield quickly and he wanted to get a fair price for it. Even Hash, though, didn't expect to sell within 10 days for more than the asking price.
BAE buys Pentagon IT supplier BAE Systems acquires a US firm which provides computer and IT systems to the US defence department.
AU President Challenges Eponymous Web Site American University President Benjamin Ladner wants a Web site critical of the school to stop using his name as its address.
Microsoft and Sendo settle case A lawsuit in which UK mobile phones maker Sendo had accused Microsoft of stealing its technology and customers is settled.
Mickelson Rates Europe as Ryder Cup Favorites  OAKVILLE, Ontario (Reuters) - U.S. Masters champion Phil  Mickelson thinks the United States will start as underdogs in  this week's Ryder Cup against Europe at Michigan.
Suzuki planning India expansion Japanese auto giant Suzuki says it plans to open a new diesel engine factory and a second car assembly plant in India.
Arctic's toxic burden harms bears New evidence confirms the damage toxic chemicals are causing to the health of polar bears, conservationists say.
House prices show sharp July rise Demand for larger properties pushed house prices up by 2.1 in July, official government figures show.
US blow for AstraZeneca Shares in AstraZeneca tumbled today after a key drug it has developed in the fight against strokes was provisionally rejected by US regulators.
Is this call for you? Rachel Parnes, who lives near Albany, N.Y., calls her mother in Natick almost daily, instead of weekly, because the price is so cheap. Kevin Clougherty of Chelmsford has friends in England on his speed-dial list. And Raj Sathyaraj of Hudson estimates he's saving \$150 a month on calls to India and Australia since moving from AT amp;T to Vonage Internet phone ...
Barrichello takes Italian Grand Prix Rubens Barrichello won yesterday's Italian Grand Prix, overcoming an unscheduled early pit stop to finish ahead of world champion Michael Schumacher in a 1-2 finish by Ferrari on its home track at Monza. Barrichello, who trails Schumacher by 38 points, has won this race two of the last three years, and now has eight Formula One career victories. Schumacher, who ...
Transactions BASEBALL Detroit (AL): Recalled P Roberto Novoa, OF Curtis Granderson and INF Ryan Raburn from Erie (EL).
His shoulder is still a sore spot for Ortiz SEATTLE -- For David Ortiz , the wonder may be that he has produced as well as he has since he injured his right shoulder diving awkwardly trying unsuccessfully to score Aug. 29 against the Tigers at Fenway Park. Ortiz started yesterday's 2-0 loss to the Mariners on the bench because of nagging soreness in the shoulder. He said he ...
Music plus movies, on one player With sales of digital music players skyrocketing, is it any wonder that hardware makers are scrambling to create the next big portable entertainment gizmo?
NL notables Cubs shortstop Nomar Garciaparra sat out with a groin injury. He left Saturday's game when he tweaked the groin.
AL Notables The Yankees have batted around 30 times this season. The crowd of 41,932 put the Angels over the 3 million mark in attendance for the second year in a row -- and just the second time ever.
New contract guarantees Tedford \$1.5M The bad news of Sunday at California will turn into good news Monday when the university announces that Golden Bear coach Jeff Tedford has agreed to a new five-year contract, a Pacific-10 Conference source said.
On road, cowardly Lions no more Sure, every team wants to avoid starting the season 0-1. But 0-25? The Detroit Lions knew what was at stake yesterday in Chicago, where they lugged their NFL-record 24-game road losing streak. It followed them through last season like a ripe stench, permeating the locker room and clouding team confidence. The way coach Steve Mariucci saw it, a cleansing was ...
Rejuvenated Faulk, Rams edge Cardinals ST. LOUIS -- Marshall Faulk and Emmitt Smith, members of what Faulk jokingly referred to as the  quot;Over 30 club, quot; quieted any talk about last hurrahs. Faulk, 31, shared time with St. Louis Rams first-round pick Steven Jackson in yesterday's 17-10 victory over the Arizona Cardinals. But Faulk, who had two knee operations in the last year, carried the load ...
Gibbs, 'Skins off to the races It was an emotional return for Joe Gibbs. Tied in the fourth quarter, an interception by Antonio Pierce turned the momentum, and the Washington Redskins beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 16-10, yesterday in Landover, Md., to welcome the Hall of Fame coach back to the NFL after a 12-year hiatus.
Revolution need late charge The Revolution have overcome long odds to reach the Major League Soccer playoffs the last two seasons. But, after their 3-2 loss to the MetroStars Saturday night, their chances of continuing that trend seem to be fading.
Loyalist admits Finucane murder A man accused of murdering a Belfast solicitor in 1989 pleads guilty, as his trial is about to get under way in the city. 
Sport's future in world of trouble TORONTO -- There is no mystique to it anymore, because after all, the Russians have become commoners in today's National Hockey League, and Finns, Czechs, Slovaks, and Swedes also have been entrenched in the Original 30 long enough to turn the ongoing World Cup of Hockey into a protracted trailer for the NHL season.
Douglas, Sun take a share of first Katie Douglas scored 16 of her 21 points in the second half, and Lindsay Whalen scored 5 points in the last two minutes, leading the Sun to a 71-64 win over the Seattle Storm yesterday in Uncasville, Conn.
BC's Peterson a pistol at QB The key third-down conversion was typical of Paul Peterson's play in Boston College's 21-7 victory over Penn State Saturday night in an ABC-televised home opener before a sellout Alumni Stadium crowd.
Big things planned All the Bowl Championship Series hopefuls out there should take heart from some scores over the weekend: Fresno State, 45-21, over Kansas State; Boise State, 53-34, over Oregon State; and Utah, 23-6, over Arizona. None of the wins was a fluke. Fresno State has wins over Washington and Kansas State in consecutive weeks. Boise State has the longest winning streak ...
Oh, Canada: Weir just can't hang on Already No. 1 in the world, Vijay Singh felt like Public Enemy No. 1 in Canada.
Warm feeling from bagels NEW YORK -- The  quot;Basel Baker, quot; a.k.a. Roger Federer, was in town yesterday, peddling his finest bagels on an asphalt meadow in Flushing.
Ledee leaves Giants for Dodgers CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Free-agent outfielder Ricky Ledee decided Monday to accept a two-year contract offer from the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Victory for Barrichello The Brazilian, who took pole position yesterday with Formula Ones fastest-ever qualifying lap, beat Ferrari team-mate Schumacher by 1.3 seconds to the delight of thousands of their passionate home fans.
IBM delivers Power-based servers with Linux IBM will push its Power5 line of servers down into the low end of the market, taking Linux with it, when it unwraps an aggressively priced series of Linux-only systems on Monday that will go up against the offerings of Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard.
Web services management vendors combine Web services management and security provider Digital Evolution on Monday is announcing its acquisition of former competitor Flamenco Networks, which has provided specialized network infrastructure for implementing SOAs (service-oriented architectures).
Borland to tout tool for building Microsoft apps San Jose, Calif. - Borland Software at its BorCon conference here on Monday will preview the upcoming Diamondback release of its Delphi development tool for the Microsoft platform, which is to support development via managed code.
Former NBA star acquitted of sexual abuse charges Former NBA star Calvin Murphy has been acquitted of sexual abuse charges. The NBA Hall of Famer wiped away tears as he heard the verdict.
Sorrell:  #39;I #39;ll make Grey more profitable #39; Sir Martin Sorrell said today that Ed Meyer, the 77-year-old chairman of Grey Global, was ready to accept his advice on how to make the company he has just sold much more profitable.
Home Prices Jump In Official Survey New official figures have cast some doubt on the claims that the UK housing market has begun to cool in recent months. Home prices rose by a strong 2.1 during July - despite other evidence that the market 
Microsoft Notebook: Good news hasn #39;t helped stock price It was an especially eventful summer for Microsoft, with the company unveiling new initiatives to take on rivals Apple Computer and Google, announcing plans for an unprecedented payout to shareholders, and cutting a key feature from designs for the next 
Porcher doesn #39;t mind not playing considering the circumstances Detroit Lions defensive end Robert Porcher understood why he was benched in Sunday #39;s 20-16 victory against the Chicago Bears, but he might need even more patience before this season is over.
US fire kills Arab reporter on air A TV reporter was shot dead as he made a live broadcast from Baghdad on Sunday when US helicopters fired on a crowd that had gathered around the burning wreckage of an American armored vehicle.
New shock in Kenteris saga A court appearance by Christos Tsekos, former coach to disgraced Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris, has been delayed after his defence lawyer died.
US Strikes Kill 15 In Al-Fallujah 13 September 2004 -- US aircraft and artillery struck targets in the central Iraqi city of Al-Fallujah today, killing at least 15 people.
Indian Software Boom on Track, Industry Head Says (Reuters) Reuters - India's software exports are on track\to grow by 30 percent in the year to March 2005, despite\attempts in the key U.S. market to discourage outsourcing and\protect jobs, the industry's head said on Monday.
Iran's Uranium Enrichment Halt to Be Temporary (Reuters) Reuters - Iran's suspension of uranium enrichment,\promised to European Union states last year, will be "short and\temporary," an Iranian official said Monday.
U.N. Nuclear Agency Meets to Discuss Iran (AP) AP - The U.N. atomic watchdog agency began a key meeting Monday that will consider a European draft resolution on Iran's nuclear program, with the United States lobbying its allies to have Tehran hauled before the Security Council.
A scandal years in the making unfolds Baseball #39;s steroid scandal could be seen coming six years ago. The Olympics have feared the one unfolding now for two decades.
Hurricane sends oil prices higher The price of oil is on the rise as fears grow that Hurricane Ivan could disrupt oil supplies from the Gulf of Mexico.
England have the weapons for a keen contest After the fateful, the meaningful, as England #39;s Test tour of South Africa officially got under way yesterday. But with eight of the Test squad not involved in the light quartet of one-day 
Indian Software Boom on Track, Industry Head Says  BANGALORE (Reuters) - India's software exports are on track  to grow by 30 percent in the year to March 2005, despite  attempts in the key U.S. market to discourage outsourcing and  protect jobs, the industry's head said on Monday.
WPP buys Grey Global WPP beat smaller French rival Havas and US private equity firm Hellman and Friedman, acquiring the last large independent advertising group after a 1990s consolidation in the industry.
Report: Ex-Qwest Chief May Face Charges Former Qwest Communications chief executive Joseph Nacchio reportedly may soon face civil charges related to improper accounting at the telecommunications company.
UPDATE 3-Bayer and Schering-Plough form drugs alliance Bayer AG forged an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with US drugmaker Schering-Plough on Monday, cutting costs and marking another step in the German company #39;s transformation.
Depression-Drug Suicide Debate Returns to a Boil Two federal advisory panels meet Monday and Tuesday to discuss how to balance growing concerns that antidepressants may increase the risk of adolescent suicide vs.
Bayer, Deutsche Bank, Munich Re, SAP, VW: German Equity Preview The following stocks may make significant gains or losses in German markets today. Futures that track Germany #39;s benchmark DAX Index rose 0.4 percent to 3890.
Why so many hurricanes? This summer #39;s onslaught repeats a long-term cycle, bringing back warmer waters and more storms. By Peter N. Spotts  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
MS, Apple pitch music at mobile phone makers Opinion Microsoft has begun to try and win over the hearts, minds and hardware of mobile phone vendors in a bid to dominate the emerging market for music downloads on handsets.
James reveals Ryder rigours For the first time in 17 years, Mark James is planning to relax for this weekend #39;s Ryder Cup. James has been involved with the European team in some form at every Ryder Cup since 1989.
The bullet always tells the truth Among soldiers and other hired gunmen, it is said that the bullet always tell the truth. Its the triggermans way of passing moral responsibility for his deed, and his good or ill fortune, from the trigger to the target.
U.S. Agencies, Contractors Lead Space Race At four of the region's largest real estate brokerages, more than half the tenants looking for large chunks of space are government agencies or their contractors, and brokers said the increased competition for space among companies in the booming defense and security industries could mean higher rents.
Firms to Detail Mars Transport Plans Eleven contractors, including Lockheed Martin Corp. of Bethesda and Orbital Science Corp. of Dulles, are meeting todaywith NASA officials to present ideas for developing the transportation systems that will carry humans once again to the moon and eventually to Mars.
Power5 Revs IBM #39;s Linux-Only Server Line IBM will continue pushing its Linux on Power strategy Monday when it unveils a new line of Linux-only servers running on its 64-bit Power5 processor.
Indian Software Boom on Track, Industry Head Says India #39;s software exports are on track to grow by 30 percent in the year to March 2005, despite attempts in the key US market to discourage outsourcing and protect jobs, the industry #39;s head said on Monday.
Oracle updates business suite Oracle last week revealed more details about the next version of its e-business suite, while pushing the concept of grid computing.
EU warns Iran of  #39;serious situation #39; on nuclear plans BRUSSELS - European Union foreign ministers Monday urged Iran to suspend its uranium enrichment activities, saying Tehran could face a  quot;serious situation quot; if it continued to defy the international community.
Germany, Poland play down reparations row BERLIN - German and Polish politicians have played down a resolution by the Polish parliament calling on the government to take legal action aimed at making Germany pay war reparations for Nazi Germany #39;s World War II invasion of Poland.
Pentagon Revives Memory Project The Department of Defense is handing out contracts for a project to record what soldiers see and do in battle zones. The new initiative closely resembles another, called LifeLog, that the Pentagon scrapped months ago. By Noah Shachtman.
Step Toward Universal Computing A Silicon Valley company claims to have developed a universal emulator that's uncharacteristically fast. For one thing, it could mean the latest games are immediately available for the Mac. By Leander Kahney.
Study: Recycling Cost Overstated Nova Scotia makes a name for itself as a rigorous enforcer of recycling. Now a study finds that while the province may be spending millions on its garbage program, it's actually saving far more. By Stephen Leahy.
Public Fiber Tough to Swallow Cities that try to set up their own broadband networks are facing staunch opposition from cable and phone companies, who see publicly funded fiber-optic networks as a threat to their own bottom line. By John Gartner.
Robot Spider Walks on Water MIT researchers produce a tiny water-skimming robot prototype they think could monitor water supplies for toxins or skim contaminants off the top of water.
Web to Handset: Easy Data Dump Three Silicon Valley entrepreneurs want a simple way for folks to populate their mobile devices with data. As cell phones become the one thing to carry -- part phone, part PDA, part camera, part MP3 player -- using Vazu might do the trick.
IBM Inks \$1 Billion Voice And Data Deal With Lloyds High-capacity fiber network for voice, data, and video will cut Lloyds bandwidth costs and let it offer new high-bandwidth apps. By Steven Marlin.
New Windows OS Boosts Security After years of trying to make it easier for peripheral devices to work smoothly with computers, Microsoft is building in some difficulty. The upcoming Longhorn OS should allow companies to keep gizmos like iPod from stealing data.
Oxygen Generator on Space Station Fails The main oxygen generator for the International Space Station has failed, and the two astronauts on board will tap into an attached cargo ship's air supply.
Blair set to face unions' wrath as TUC kicks off annual conference (AFP) AFP - Britain's trade unions opened their annual conference amid threats of strike action ahead of a general election expected in 2005, urging Prime Minister Tony Blair's government to tackle concerns about pensions and job cuts.
Trend Micro #39;s Free Mobile Anti-Virus Anticipating an avalanche of smartphones and PDA #39;s during the gift-giving season, Trend Micro today released a free trial of its mobile anti-virus (AV) product.
Israel to Begin Gaza Compensation Payments (AP) AP - Israel will soon offer large cash advances on compensation to Jewish settlers to entice them to leave their homes, Cabinet ministers said Monday, a day after tens of thousands demonstrated against the planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip in 2005.
Pakistan Clashes Said to Leave 9 Dead (AP) AP - Pakistani security forces and militants clashed on Sunday in fighting that killed at least nine people in the mountains near the Afghan border where al-Qaida-linked fighters are believed to be hiding, military officials said.
Stocks Set to Open Up; Grey in Spotlight  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open higher on  Monday, with advertising group Grey Global &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GREY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GREY.O&lt;/A&gt; in the  spotlight after a UK rival agreed to a \$1.31 billion deal to  buy the company, while investors will be eyeing higher oil  prices and awaiting economic releases later in the week.
Powell Defends Cheney's Remarks on Attack (AP) AP - Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday defended Vice President Dick Cheney for saying last week that terrorists will hit the United States again "if we make the wrong choice" on Election Day.
Stocks to Watch Monday  British advertising firm WPP &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPP.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPP.L&lt;/A&gt; has agreed to buy  smaller U.S. rival Gray Global for \$1.31 billion, equally  divided in cash and shares, to put it on par with industry  leader Omnicom &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMC.N&lt;/A&gt;. Gray Global shares closed at \$940 on  Nasdaq.  
OPEC Wary as Supplies Weigh on Oil Price  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil  output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear  of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.
Thousands of Unsung Species Co-Endangered Extinction of a species is not just a permanent loss of biological diversity, but may have ripple effects as co-dependent species suffer from the absence of what may be linked predator-prey relationships.    Astrobiology Magazine -- The global extinction crisis ignores thousands of affiliated species that are also at risk of being wiped out, making the list of endangered species much larger and more serious than originally thought, says a study produced in part at the University of Alberta...
Analyzing the Ring of Life Molecular biologists have uprooted a traditional perspective on life's ancient ancestry, if their supplanted tree-of-life metaphor is modified to look more like a ring-of-life.    Astrobiology Magazine -- One of science's most popular metaphors - the "tree of life," with its evolutionary branches and roots, showing groups of bacteria on the bottom and multicellular animals on the higher branches - turns out to be a misnomer, UCLA molecular biologists report in the Sept...
Stocks Set to Open Up; Grey in Spotlight Wall Street was set to open higher on Monday, with advertising group Grey Global (GREY.O: Quote, Profile, Research) in the spotlight after a UK rival agreed to a \$1.
Safety Group: Car, SUV Bumpers Don #39;t Line Up WASHINGTON -- An insurance group says low-speed crashes result in expensive repairs simply because of differences in the bumper height between cars and sport utility vehicles.
Florida likely to get hit again The seemingly nonstop pummeling of Florida during the past month has been the result of a highly active hurricane season mixed with two unusually stubborn high-pressure ridges funneling the storms in a track directly over Florida.
Federer breezes to third Slam event Well, theres at least one person who isnt trying to figure out whether Roger Federer could one day complete a Grand Slam or match Pete Sampras career record of 14 major titles: Federer himself.
At Least 60 Deaths Caused by Hurricane Ivan UPDATE, SUN 9PM: More than a million people have left their homes in Cuba, as Hurricane Ivan approaches. The ferocious storm is headed that way, after ripping through the Cayman Islands, tearing off roofs, flooding homes and causing general havoc.
The Fire This Time Eri Suheri can be seen most mornings in the same spot in front of the Metropolitan Medical Center, an upscale hospital located in the heart of Jakarta #39;s Kuningan business district.
China Unicom to open 3,000 Internet cafes in tightly controlled industry (AFP) AFP - China Unicom, the nation's second-largest mobile phone carrier, plans to open up to 3,000 Internet cafes by the end of the year, state media said.
Wal-Mart Keeps Sales View (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  on Monday\said it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in\September sales at its U.S. stores open at least a year, and\back-to-school demand picked up after a sluggish start.
North Korean FM says explosion was demolition blast (AFP) AFP - North Korean Foreign Finister said that a huge explosion in the country's remote interior that triggered fears of a nuclear test was a harmless demolition blast linked to a hydro-electric power project.
N.B. residents block off highway to protest cuts to local health care (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SAINT-QUENTIN, N.B. (CP) - A major highway in northern New Brunswick  remained closed to almost all traffic Monday, as local residents protested planned health care cuts.
Broadcom downplays inventory glut, shares rise Shares of Broadcom Corp. (BRCM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose 9 percent on Monday after the communications chipmaker said the effects of an inventory glut on its revenues should be short-lived.
Mobile vendors tie up for mobile TV Nokia, NEC, Motorola, Siemens, and Sony Ericsson have announced their tie-up to decide on a common standard to deliver TV shows straight to the mobile phone over a mobile broadcast network.
Novell sees a  #39;both-source #39; future com September 13, 2004, 7:51 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Cisco targets SMBs with VoIP-friendly routers Tomorrow Cisco Systems Inc. will announce an upgrade to its small business and branch office line of routers, incorporating more processing speed and a raft of new features.
Longhorn equipped against iPod In the next version of Windows, Microsoft will give big companies a way to block use of devices that can easily be used to transfer data to and from personal computers, while making it easier for consumers to connect their home systems to them.
Superhighway  #39;Could Crumble #39; under Weight of Users The end of the world wide web may be nigh, top technology companies have warned. Predicting a future which would horrify many businesses and email addicts, some experts fear 
Microsoft courts mainstream developers com September 13, 2004, 6:00 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
I Want My MSFT-TV Microsoft (Quote, Chart) showed off its interactive television platform in Amsterdam at IBC2004, an international conference devoted to the broadcasting industry.
City #39;s surveillance cameras are making Chicago safer One afternoon in August, about 100 passengers were sitting on a sightseeing boat, cruising down the Chicago River to look at some of the city #39;s most vaunted architectural gems.
Oil Rises as Hurricane Moves Toward Platforms in Gulf of Mexico Crude oil futures rose on concern Hurricane Ivan may disrupt production, refining and the arrival of shipments as it moves into the Gulf of Mexico, where a quarter of US oil and natural gas is pumped.
Eyes on Eisner For better or worse, the Michael Eisner era at Disney (NYSE: DIS) will be gradually coming to an end after the CEO flipped over a sandglass with two years #39; worth of granular dirt eager to trickle down.
Suzuki announces plans to ramp up output in India TOKYO Suzuki Motor said Monday that it planned to invest up to 25 billion, or \$228 million, to make minicars and diesel engines in India, expanding in Asia #39;s fourth-largest vehicle market.
Oracle wins PeopleSoft battle, but war not at end Oracle won a key legal victory in its quest to buy PeopleSoft last week, but the grueling war for control of its software rival is far from over, industry analysts say.
Microsoft, Sendo Settle Litigation Microsoft Corp. and Sendo Holdings PLC said Monday they have settled litigation between them, and that Microsoft has surrendered its shareholding in the British mobile telephone company.
Wal-Mart keeps sales view CHICAGO - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Monday said it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in September sales at its US stores open at least a year, and back-to-school demand picked up after a sluggish start.
Metcash on the menu at Foodland FOODLAND Associated chief Trevor Coates has flagged an interest in buying Metcash Trading after revealing weak second-half earnings for the Australian business, as speculation about his own tenure continued.
Campbell Soup Co. Profit Falls 20 Percent Campbell Soup Co. (CPB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest soupmaker, on Monday said quarterly net profit fell 20 percent as it increased spending on marketing and took a charge related to job cuts.
For Airlines, It #39;s Still 9/11 NEW YORK - Though America just celebrated the third anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and most of the economy has more or less recovered, the announcement by US Airways Group that it is 
Health Mgmt Associates Cuts 4Q Outlook Health Management Associates Inc., an operator of acute care and psychiatric hospitals, said Monday that damage related to Hurricanes Charley and Frances will lower fourth-quarter earnings by 2 cents per share.
Schering-Plough and Bayer Ink Deal Schering-Plough (SGP:NYSE - news - research) Monday announced a broad marketing agreement with Germany #39;s Bayer (BAY:NYSE - news - research) that both companies said will lead to a more efficient use of their marketing and sales strengths.
Dollar near 3-week low NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The dollar hovered just above three-week lows against the euro Monday and Treasury prices maintained gains made last week when weak US inflation figures raised doubts about the pace of future rate hikes.
India #39;s software exports booming This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. India #39;s software exports are on track to grow by 30 percent in the 2004-2005 fiscal year 
Federer presents perfect vision LLEYTON HEWITT on the other side of a net serves as a mirror into the soul, a reflection of what it is that lies deep within an opponent.
For champ, IRL race far from the pits JOLIET - Adrian Fernandez had a difficult time in the pits but overcame his problems with pit strategy Sunday in winning the Delphi 300 Indy Racing League event at Chicagoland Speedway.
Referee rescinds Chelsea striker Drogba #39;s yellow card Referee Rob Styles has rescinded Didier Drogba #39;s yellow card which was received by the Chelsea striker for diving during Saturday #39;s Premier League match at Aston Villa, the Football Association said on Monday.
Defoe spurred on to success Jermain Defoe believes he has matured as a player in the short time he has been at Tottenham. The 21-year-old striker has scored three goals in five Premiership matches for Spurs this season and was also on target on his full debut for England last week.
Browns do all the right things to earn impressive opening-week &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Bucs went on to win seven, Buffalo and Pittsburgh six, Houston five and the Giants four. The five losers made the playoffs. The Patriots, you might recall, had a pretty decent year.
(Sports Network) - Very quietly, the Philadelphia Phillies have &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; are ahead of Larry Bowa #39;s team in the chase for the wild card. The Phillies. have 19 games to play, including 12 against teams with under-.
Mystery blast no accident: N Korea A MYSTERIOUS explosion in North Korea last week was a deliberate detonation connected with a power plant project, the North Korean Foreign Ministry said yesterday.
Three die in Jenin missile strike At least three Palestinian militants have been killed in an Israeli missile strike in Jenin in the West Bank. The attack came as the men drove by car through the city, a stronghold of Palestinian militant groups.
Dashed hopes in Hong Kong Pro-democracy parties in Hong Kong have expressed disappointment at the outcome of Sunday #39;s parliamentary elections. The pro-democracy camp secured 25 seats on the 
Settlers mass against Gaza plan TENS of thousands of Jewish settlers and their supporters demonstrated yesterday against a plan to remove all Gaza settlements and four from the West Bank.
TV reporter dies in US helicopter strike A TV journalist was shot dead as he made a live broadcast from Baghdad when US helicopters fired on a crowd gathered around the burning wreckage of a US armoured vehicle.
Pakistan and China oppose resolution on Sudan UNITED NATIONS, Sept 10: Pakistan and China on Thursday expressed strong opposition to a US-sponsored resolution on Sudan which demands sanctions and a UN inquiry whether a genocide was taking place in the country.
Bomb threat warning was  #39;flimsy #39; JOHN Howard told Australians there had been a warning before the Jakarta bombing when he knew the claim was flimsy, Labor said yesterday.
PM: Iraq will vote US warplanes and artillery units bombed the Sunni stronghold of Fallujah yesterday, a day after scores died when insurgents hammered the capital.
Thatcher challenges coup questioning South Africa #39;s high court will hear a challenge on September 21 to a subpoena demanding Mark Thatcher answer questions from Equatorial Guinea about a suspected coup plot in the oil-rich country, his lawyer says.
Phone Makers Turn On Mobile TV Imagine turning on your mobile phone to watch breaking news or an entertainment program. The idea could soon become reality following an announcement last week that five of the world #39;s largest mobile phone 
Cisco routers get an upgrade com September 12, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Microsoft Sings New Tune with Windows Media Player and PC users no longer had to choose between Windows Media Player #39;s inadequacies or Real or Musicmatch #39;s annoyances.
Gizza job, plead virus writers Three new MyDoom variants have been found in the wild that contain not only malicious code but a plea for a job. MyDoom U, V and W attempt to download a Trojan called Surila onto users #39; computers, which would 
Microsoft unveils IPTV-ready set-top box Microsoft has teamed up with consumer electronics firm Thomson to launch set-top boxes supporting Microsoft TV #39;s Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) software platform.
Transmeta claims anti-virus first with new processor com. Using 90nm processes and AntiVirusNX technology, Transmeta claims it #39;s the first low-power x86-based processor to provide hardware support for the anti-virus protection enabled by XP #39;s SP2.
Microsoft Rolls Out Wireless Mice, Keyboards Microsoft Corp. last week rolled out a slew of mice and keyboards for business users. The Wireless Optical Desktop Comfort Edition includes a keyboard and mouse with enhanced ergonomic features.
Putin seeks more power to fight terrorism President Vladimir Putin has ordered sweeping changes to Russia #39;s political system to help combat terrorism, but immediately has drawn charges he is exploiting a bloody school siege to boost his personal power.
Small steps Hong Kong democrats made only modest gains in elections for the territorys legislative council yesterday, leaving pro-Beijing parties with an overall majority.
Three killed in West Bank missile strike Reports from the West Bank City of Jenin say an Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a car, killing at least three Palestinian militants.
FRATTINI IN KUWAIT: ITALIAN HOSTAGES WERE DOING GOOD (AGI) - Kuwait City, Sept 13 - Upon arriving in Kuwait City, Foreign Minister Franco Frattini repeated his appeal for the liberation of the two Italian volunteer workers kidnapped in Iraq.
Teen set up sex services site A 13 YEAR old Taiwanese boy has been arrested for running a sexual services business on the web. More than 100 teens had signed up for the boy #39;s  quot;compensated dating quot; site which usually refers to youngsters trading sex for money or gifts.
Nuclear program suspension temporary, says Iran Iranian officials say a suspension of the country #39;s uranium enrichment program will be short and temporary. The comments were made as the United Nations nuclear watchdog prepares to meet in Vienna.
Editorial: This match is not played out JOHN Howard and Mark Latham are both footy followers but it looks like they prepared their policy statements for the leaders debate while watching very boring tennis on television.
Putin  quot;Dictates quot; new measures of control over Russia President Vladimir Putin has announced new measures to strenghten the governments power in tackling the fight against terrorism. In a cabinet meeting today, Putin blamed Russian authorities for being inefficient 
GIs Kill 22 In Afghan Gun Battle (CBS/AP) US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents, including several Arabs, in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Monday.
N.Korea Says Blast Was for Hydro-Electric Project  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion in North Korea last week  was a deliberate blast to pave the way for a hydro-electric  dam, Pyongyang said Monday.
Sudan Faces EU Sanctions Over Darfur Violence  BRUSSELS/KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - The European Union was  to threaten sanctions Monday against Sudan's government for  failing to stop "massive and severe" human rights abuses by  Arab militia against African villagers in Darfur.
Israeli Strike Kills 3 W.Bank Militants  JENIN, West Bank (Reuters) - An Israeli aircraft fired a  missile at a West Bank car Monday killing a leader of a  militant group linked to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's  Fatah faction and two comrades, witnesses said.
Iran Plans to Resume Nuke Enrichment  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran said Monday it was losing patience  with U.N. inspections of its nuclear program and announced that  its agreement with the Europeans to halt uranium enrichment  would soon come to an end.
'Cold-Blooded Killer' Admits N.Irish Lawyer Murder  BELFAST (Reuters) - A former Protestant guerrilla described  by police as a "cold-blooded killer" pleaded guilty on Monday  to the murder of Catholic lawyer Pat Finucane, one of the most  controversial killings of the Northern Ireland "Troubles."
Australians 'kidnapped' in Iraq Australia is investigating reports that two of its citizens have been taken hostage by  militants in Iraq.
Greece mourns top Orthodox cleric Greece holds three days of mourning for Patriarch Petros of Alexandria, who died in a helicopter crash.
Hurdles for digital TV's global reach Conditions in developing nations could hamper the spread of digital TV, a broadcast conference is told.
Elton sells off photo collection Sir Elton John is to sell off part of his extensive photographic collection at an auction in New York.
Why did Sendo bury the hatchet with MS? &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Too expensive to bury it &lt;em&gt;in&lt;/em&gt; MS?
Last call for the legendary atomic keyring &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Nuclear fashion accessory takes a bow
Florida Panhandle Braces for Latest Storm, Hurricane Ivan Residents boarded up windows and stocked food as deadly Hurricane Ivan appeared to be heading in their direction.
Fears for new digital radio system Using power lines for the net could disrupt a new digital radio system, a broadcasting conference hears.
Stocks Climb As Profit Worries Ease NEW YORK - Stocks moved modestly higher Monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.    While some investors were concerned that rising energy prices and the summer's economic slowdown would undermine third-quarter results for many companies, a new report by J.P...
Federal Ban on Assault Weapons Expiring BOISE, Idaho - The expiration Monday of a 10-year federal ban on assault weapons means firearms like AK-47s, Uzis and TEC-9s can now be legally bought - a development that has critics upset and gun owners pleased.    The 1994 ban, signed by President Clinton, outlawed 19 types of military-style assault weapons...
Indian tech firms face skills gap India's IT research and outsourcing  industry is facing a skills shortage, a leading industry expert has warned.
Lions Win First Away Game in Three Years The Detroit Lions went three full seasons without winning an away game, setting an NFL record for road futility. They ended that ignominious streak Sunday in their first opportunity of the season, beating the Chicago Bears 20-16 at Soldier Field...
Hurricane Ivan Rolls Towards Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan pummeled the Cayman Islands with floodwaters that swamped homes and fierce winds that ripped off roofs, then strengthened to an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm as it headed for western Cuba on Monday.    The slow-moving hurricane, one of the strongest on record to hit the region, killed at least 65 people across the Caribbean before reaching the Caymans and threatens millions more in its projected path...
Stocks Higher As Profit Worries Ease NEW YORK - Stocks moved narrowly higher in early trading Monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.    While some investors were concerned that rising energy prices would undermine third-quarter results for many companies, a new report by J.P...
Hurricane Ivan Rolls Towards Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - Hurricane Ivan pummeled the Cayman Islands with floodwaters that swamped homes and fierce winds that ripped off roofs, then strengthened to an extremely dangerous Category 5 storm as it headed for western Cuba on Monday.    The hurricane, one of the strongest on record to hit the region, killed at least 65 people across the Caribbean before reaching the Caymans and threatens millions more people in its projected path...
Report: N.Korea Says Explosion Was Planned SEOUL, South Korea - North Korea said Monday that a huge cloud caused by an explosion near its border with China several days ago was the planned demolition of a mountain for a hydroelectric project, British media reported.    North Korean Foreign Minister Paek Nam Sun said the blast was intentional, responding to a request for information from British Foreign Office minister Bill Rammell, who is visiting the North, the British Broadcasting Corp...
Putin Tightens Grip on Power in Russia President Vladimir Putin outlined plans Monday to "radically" change the Russian political system in a way that would increase his own power, portraying the moves as a means of combating terrorism.
U.S. Warplanes Pound Fallujah Hideout U.S. forces launched air strikes on the rebel-held city of Fallujah on Monday, targeting what they said was a meeting of key loyalists of their top foe in Iraq, Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
IAEA Details S. Korean Nuclear Program The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said Monday that South Korea's failure to report nuclear experiments was a "matter of serious concern" as Western diplomats revealed a link between tests conducted in 2000 and Seoul's secret uranium work in the 1980s.
Mission Still Not Accomplished With U.S. control imperiled in Iraq, the military vows to oust the\insurgents from their havens. Here's what it will take
Oil Up as Ivan Threatens US Facilities World oil prices climbed on Monday as companies operating in the US Gulf of Mexico braced for output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
Suzuki charts ambitious plans for Maruti New Delhi, Sep 13.(PTI): Suzuki today announced an investment of over Rs 1,000 crore to set up a diesel engine manufacturing unit in the country and said the firm has formed a joint venture with Maruti for a new car plant besides it would enter the 
Microsoft, Sendo Settle Smart-Phone Dispute Software giant Microsoft Corp. and UK-based cell phone maker Sendo Holdings plc. on Monday reached a settlement to their intellectual property dispute over a failed smart-phone partnership between the two companies.
Wal-Mart keeps September sales view CHICAGO - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. on Monday maintained its September sales forecast and said back-to-school demand picked up for key categories including electronics and clothing after a sluggish start.
Campbell #39;s 4th-Qtr Net Drops 20 on Higher Costs (Update4) Campbell Soup Co., the world #39;s biggest soupmaker, said fourth-quarter profit declined 20 percent, the biggest drop in more than two years, because of falling sales and costs to fire workers.
New IBM Power5 Server Fires Linux Salvo At HP, Sun In an attempt to grab business from Hewlett-Packard #39;s and Sun Microsystems #39; entry-level Unix market, IBM this week plans to introduce a Power5 processor-based server tuned for Linux.
US Orders Safer Vehicle Power-Window Switches Federal safety regulators issued new rules on Monday to prevent deaths and injuries caused by power-window switches that can be activated inadvertently by small children playing in a car.
BAE buys Pentagon contractor British defense firm BAE Systems has agreed to pay \$600 million (333.7 million pounds) for DigitalNet Holdings, a maker of secure Pentagon computer networks, the companies say in a weekend statement.
FACTBOX-US Fed policymakers #39; recent comments The Federal Reserve is widely expect to raise the federal funds rate at its Sept. 21 policy meeting after a moderate increase in August payrolls.
Italy Races to Save Hostages Before Deadline (Reuters) Reuters - Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini\appealed to Arab countries on Monday to help win the release of\two Italian hostages as an apparent deadline to kill them drew\near.
U.N.: S.Korea Nuke Research Is of 'Serious Concern' (Reuters) Reuters - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog\said Monday South Korea's failure to promptly report research\on the enrichment of uranium and plutonium separation to the\U.N. agency was deeply worrying.
Broadcom cuts outlook Media and communications chip maker Broadcom Corp. lowered its third quarter revenue expectations on Sunday to account for delayed customer orders, and said its inventory levels would drop as compared to the previous quarter.
Microsoft sees music opportunity in cell phones AMSTERDAM - US software giant Microsoft is aiming to get its audio and video software into mobile phones before it is beaten to the 650-million-handsets-a-year market by rivals like Apple.
Henman rises up rankings Tim Henman #39;s journey to the semi-final of the US Open has seen him rise from sixth to fourth in the world rankings, matching his previous highest position.
England defender Neville out for up to a month Manchester United defender Gary Neville is likely to miss England #39;s World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Azerbaijan next month after being sidelined for up to four weeks with a knee fracture.
Henrik set for emotional return Former Celtic striker Henrik Larsson say he is fit to play in tomorrow #39;s Champions League tie at Parkhead. There were chaotic scenes earlier this afternoon as Larsson, and his Barcelona team-mates arrived in Glasgow ahead of the game.
All Change in Bundesliga Title Race Week Four threw up some surprising results over the weekend as current high-flyers had their wings clipped and new faces staked their claims in a title race that, although barely a month old, is already wide open.
Hashemian facing Champions dilemma MUNICH, Germany -- Bayern Munich are expecting Iranian striker Vahid Hashemian to travel to Israel for this week #39;s Champions League match, an act which could put him in trouble in Teheran.
WPP Buys Grey Global for  #36;1.31 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - British advertising firm WPP has agreed\to buy smaller U.S. rival Grey Global for  #36;1.31 billion,\equally divided in cash and shares, to put it on par with\industry leader Omnicom.
Mexicans Plan Global Anthem Sing-Along (AP) AP - Warning: If a co-worker or stranger suddenly jumps up and starts singing a patriotic song in Spanish on Wednesday, don't be alarmed.
Onex to Acquire Two Laidlaw Subsidiaries TORONTO - Onex Corp. has agreed with Laidlaw International Inc. to acquire two of its subsidiaries, American Medical Response Inc.
UN nuclear agency meets to discuss Iran The United States lobbied its allies Monday to have Iran hauled before the UN Security Council over its nuclear program as the world body #39;s atomic watchdog agency considered 
US Charge Of  #39;genocide #39; In Darfur Complicates Sudan Peace Talks ABUJA, Sept 13 (AFP) - Slow-moving African Union-brokered peace talks for Sudan #39;s Darfur region have been complicated by last week #39;s declaration by the United States that Khartoum and allied militia are committing genocide there.
Phone Makers Turn On Mobile TV (PC World) PC World - Five companies are teaming up to deliver broadcast programming to wireless handsets.
Suspect in Istanbul bomb trial says Al-Qaeda financed attacks (AFP) AFP - Al-Qaeda financed the bomb attacks against two synagogues and the British Consulate in Istanbul that killed a total of 63 people in November 2003, one of the suspects told a court.
Martin offers  #36;700-million plan to improve native health (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Prime Minister Paul Martin kicked off his meeting with the country's premiers and top aboriginal leaders Monday with a  #36;700-million plan to improve native health.
IBM's Open-Source Lovefest (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - "Big Blue" may also earn the nickname "Big Linux Supporter" as IBM continues to embrace open-source efforts to hike its market share and challenge competitors, including Microsoft.
McAfee Adds Managed E-Mail Protection (PC World) PC World - New service offers spam, virus filtering for small and mid-sized businesses.
IBM Launches New Line of Servers at Plant (AP) AP - IBM on Monday launched a new, cheaper line of computer servers designed for smaller businesses, with production at the plant here.
Aerospace subsidy stand-off goes on EUROPEAN Union trade commissioner Peter Mandelson and Robert Zoellick, his US counterpart, failed to make headway on a trans-Atlantic stand-off over subsidies for Airbus and Boeing at a meeting yesterday, saying the dispute remains headed for World Trade 
Service-Sector Revenues Rise in Q2  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Revenues in key sectors of the U.S.  services industry grew in the second quarter, the government  said on Monday in a new survey aimed at measuring growth in the  giant tranche of the economy.
Edwards: Bush Implied Saddam-9/11 Link (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential candidate John Edwards on Sunday accused President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney of misleading Americans by implying a link between deposed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
Dutch Professor Gets Swedish Science Prize (AP) AP - A Dutch professor became the first recipient of a new Swedish science prize in the field of medical education research, the awarding body said Monday.
U.S. Stocks Up, Technology Leads Way  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology stocks climbed near a  2-month high on Monday, as investors seeing value in a battered  group bought software and semiconductor shares, while higher  crude oil prices limited blue-chip gains.
IBM's Open-Source Lovefest "Big Blue" may also earn the nickname "Big Linux Supporter" as IBM continues to embrace open-source efforts to hike its market share and challenge competitors, including Microsoft. \&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
IBM Triples Transistor Performance with Germanium Improved electron flow is the key to more powerful chips.
FDA OKs Implanted Lens for Nearsightedness (AP) AP - An implantable lens to correct the vision of nearsighted people won approval from the Food and Drug Administration on Monday.
WPP Buys Grey Global for \$1.31 Billion  LONDON (Reuters) - British advertising firm WPP has agreed  to buy smaller U.S. rival Grey Global for \$1.31 billion,  equally divided in cash and shares, to put it on par with  industry leader Omnicom.
Presidential Polls Glance (AP) AP - Results of recent polls on the presidential race. Listed above each set of results is the name of the organization that conducted the poll, the dates, the number interviewed, whether it was adults, registered voters (RV) or likely voters (LV) and the margin of error (MoE). Results might not total 100 percent because of rounding.
Campbell Soup Co. Profit Falls 20 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Campbell Soup Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest soupmaker, on Monday said quarterly net profit fell 20  percent as it increased spending on marketing and took a charge  related to job cuts.
Federal Court to Hear Microsoft Appeal of Internet Explorer Case Software giant contesting order to pay \$521 million in patent infringement verdict.
Dollar Rebounds But Still Under Pressure  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose slightly against the  major currencies early on Monday in New York as dealers  adjusted positions ahead of two key U.S. economic indicators  due on Tuesday.
Aluminum Can Kill Salmon River Parasites-Study (Reuters) Reuters - Aluminum could be an unusual savior for\Atlantic salmon in prized Scandinavian and Russian fishing\rivers because it kills a voracious parasite, researchers said\on Friday.
FDA Weighs Antidepressant Risks for Kids  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - A U.S. advisory panel began  meeting Monday to debate whether certain antidepressants should  come with stronger warnings about the chances of suicidal  behavior in children and teens who take the drugs.
Noah's Cosmic Ark: Preserving DNA on the Moon (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The complexity of life took \  billions of years to push and stretch and reshape the biological niche that \  is Earth. It would seem prudent  if one had the means  to save some portion \  of the blueprints of this majesty, so that the process would not have to start \  over from scratch in the event of a global cataclysm.
Cisco to introduce new products for cos. NEW YORK -- Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday will introduce new products aimed at protecting and expanding one of its biggest sources of revenue - computer-networking equipment for small businesses and branch offices.
Sears Launches Venture for Online Sales Sears, Roebuck and Co., which has successfully sold its tools and appliances on the Web, is counting on having the same magic with bedspreads and sweaters, thanks in part to expertise gained by its purchase of Lands' End Inc.
Lots of Science Intact in Smashed-Up Genesis Capsule (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Scientists and engineers \  are optimistic after having peeked inside the Genesis space capsule, which brought \  back bits of the Sun but crashed into the Utah desert Wednesday.
Nevada's E-Vote Free of Serious Problems Alarmed by software glitches, security threats and computer crashes with ATM-like voting machines, officials from Washington, D.C., to California are considering an alternative from an unlikely place: Nevada.
Array of Innovations at Mobile Tech Show As co-stars of an elite, wireless-oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: A weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. Their decibel assault at this year's 6th annual DEMOmobile show was the perfect foil for its most celebrated product, a noise-canceling cell phone headset called Jawbone.
Minimum Wage to Increase in New York Republicans in the State Senate forced through a measure to gradually raise the minimum wage by \$2 to \$7.15 an hour by January 2007.
Oil Up as Ivan Threatens U.S. Facilities &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices climbed on Monday as\companies operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico braced for\output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.&lt;/p&gt;
Iraq seeks extra cash to rebuild The interim Iraqi government says it needs an extra \$3.4bn to fix its water and electricity infrastructure.
Lens does away with blurry snaps \A specially shaped camera lens which means images are never out of focus could find its way onto camera phones.
IMF team opens Kenya loan talks The International Monetary Fund starts talks with Kenya which could result in the release of a delayed loan to the country.
Astronomers see galactic dance Astronomers reveal one of the clearest images obtained of Stephan's Quintet.
Study Finds U.S. Companies Shifting Profits Overseas From 1999 to 2002, American multinational corporations increased profits taken in countries with no taxes or low rates by 68 percent, a study found.
Shareholders Love a Little Hostility There's yet another hostile takeover in the tech sector's works.
Is US Airways Grounded? A second bankruptcy filing comes after a month of warnings and a failure to secure labor concessions.
Managing Credit Cards Intelligently Take advantage of cards instead of it being the other way around.
Goodbye to the Binge: The Recovery House How a residence for formerly substance-abusing students helps them stay sober
Scoot Over, Starbucks With new cafes and a slick ad campaign, Colombia is rebranding its coffee -- and Juan Valdez is getting hip
Groups Work on Various Schemes to Stop Hurricanes Amateur hurricane-busters have come up with any number of crackpot ideas to spare Florida from ferocious storms. Among them: blowing hurricanes away with giant fans or blowing them up with nuclear warheads.
Scientists Say Mauna Loa Volcano May Soon Erupt KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii (AP) -- Earthquakes have been rumbling more frequently deep beneath Mauna Loa, suggesting that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for the first time in 20 years, scientists said.    "We don't believe an eruption is right around the corner, but every day that goes by is one day closer to that event," said Paul Okubo, a seismologist at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory on the Big Island...
Microsoft courts mainstream developers The software maker expands its Visual Studio line of developer tools.\
Microsoft vs. Sendo: It's over The companies settle a lawsuit in which the software giant was accused of poaching smart-phone trade secrets.
Cisco routers add services Cisco Systems this week will introduce a new line of routers with integrated services that combine concurrent data, security, and voice features in one system.
Borland touts Software Delivery Optimization At the BorCon conference this week, Borland Software will reveal its Software Delivery Optimization strategy, which leverages the companys ALM (application lifecycle management) and developer products to ease software development and maintenance.
Transmeta claims anti-virus first with new processor Transmeta Corp. has begun shipping its second-generation Efficeon processors, the TM8800 series.
Microsoft adds to Visual Studio tools line Continuing to fill out its Visual Studio tools line, Microsoft on Monday is announcing Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition, intended for developers working in small organizations.
Oracle creates hosting program for ISVs Oracle Corp. has launched a program for independent software vendors (ISVs) that build Oracle-based applications and that want to get into the application hosting and management business but lack the resources to do so.
NEC begins grid computing trial with Mazda Motors NEC Corporation is to provide Mazda Motor Corp. with an experimental grid computing system that will undergo testing in 2005, the companies said today. If the tests are successful, NEC hopes to become a major grid computing systems vendor to large enterprises in Japan and internationally, the company said.
Business-to-business online ad network launches ThomasB2B.com LLC will officially launch on Monday a new online advertising network which is modeled after general-purpose ones from the likes of Yahoo Inc.'s Overture and Google Inc. but which differs in two key aspects: first, it is focused exclusively on the business-to-business market; and second, it matches ads with search queries and content through predefined categories, not keywords.
McAfee launches managed e-mail service McAfee Inc. says that a new managed e-mail service will help small businesses handle the deluge of spam and viruses pounding their networks.
Symantec launches antiphishing service Symantec Corp. is fishing for dollars with a new service designed to help companies combat the ongoing epidemic of online identity theft, or "phishing," scams.
Phone Makers Turn On Mobile TV Five companies are teaming up to deliver broadcast programming to wireless handsets.
McAfee Adds Managed E-Mail Protection New service offers spam, virus filtering for small and mid-sized businesses.
Sears Launches Online Sales Venture By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO    NEW YORK (AP) -- Sears, Roebuck and Co., which has successfully sold its tools and appliances on the Web, is counting on having the same magic with bedspreads and sweaters, thanks in part to expertise gained by its purchase of Lands' End Inc.    The company's venture into online sales of home furnishings and apparel, which officially launches Monday, may be considered late...
Array of Cool Innovations Showcased at Mobile Tech Show As co-stars of an elite, wireless-oriented tech show they were improbable indeed: A weed whacker, a blender and a boombox. Their decibel assault at this year's 6th annual DEMOmobile show was the perfect foil for its most celebrated product, a noise-canceling cell phone headset called Jawbone.
Most Bloggers Find Clicks Don't Mean Cash Bloggers at this summer's political conventions brought heightened visibility to blogging, but the money, for most bloggers, is still missing. There's a very tiny percentage of people who are making anywhere close to a living from blogs.
Search Engine Marketing Research Search Engine Marketing Research\\Search engine marketing success comes from good research. By applying research to understand your competition and target audience, your optimization efforts will succeed. Remember when homework from school often required some research on your part to complete? It is much the same scenario for search engine marketing: ...
Ivan approach pumps up oil NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices jumped anew Monday as Hurricane Ivan continued to ravage the Caribbean and forced the evacuation of some oil workers in the Gulf of Mexico.
Murray looks to bright future Within hours of Tim Henman #39;s US Open semi-final defeat by Roger Federer on Saturday, 17-year-old Andrew Murray stormed to the junior title with a straight-sets defeat of Ukraine #39;s Sergiy Stakhovsky.
British defence contractor BAE agrees to buy DigitalNet for  #36;600 million US (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - British defence contractor BAE Systems PLC said Monday it is buying DigitalNet Holdings Inc., a U.S. maker of secure computer networks and a leading information-technology supplier to the Pentagon.
RBI's move on funds shows Indian easing cycle over (Reuters) Reuters - The weekend decision by the Reserve Bank of India to drain banks' surplus funds to contain inflation may be a warning that demand pressures are building up in a fast-growing economy.
Cisco to Introduce New Products for Cos. (AP) AP - Cisco Systems Inc. on Tuesday will introduce new products aimed at protecting and expanding one of its biggest sources of revenue  #151; computer-networking equipment for small businesses and branch offices.
At Kerry's HQ, W Is for Woeful (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - So now that he has blown his convention boost and fallen behind George W. Bush in both national polls and key battleground states, Democrat John Kerry has emerged in fighting trim. The man from Massachusetts has shaken up his staff, started using surrogates to poke at George W. Bush's now-you-see-me, now-you-don't Air National Guard record, and has torn up his stump speech to sharpen the contrast with the President.
Germany approves state flat sale Germany's health ministry approves the sale of 80,000 state-owned apartments as Europe's largest economy tries to finance rising pension costs.
Australians 'kidnapped' in Iraq Australia is investigating reports that two of its citizens have been taken hostage by militants in Iraq.
Stocks Slightly Higher as Profit Worries Ease Investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
A Bird's-Eye Test for Profits Comparing operating cash flows to net income lets investors weed out disasters early.
Brillian Blows It Component problems meant Brillian's new big screens missed the NFL's kickoff party.
PeopleSoft aims to keep worker morale high com September 13, 2004, 8:58 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Microsoft settles with UK phone maker Sendo, the British mobile phone manufacturer, and Microsoft today settled a lawsuit in which the US software giant was accused of  quot;plundering quot; the smaller company #39;s technology.
Foodland wilts on poor profit outlook Foodland Associated left frustrated investors wanting more yesterday after handing down a disappointing profit and refusing to shed any light on its growth plans.
Wal-Mart Sees 2-4 Sales Increase in September Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of Bentonville said today that it expects Septembers same-store sales in the US to increase 2-4 percent, which is in line with the retail giants previously disclosed expectations.
Eye scanner project scrapped A futuristic eye scanner system at a Wearside school is scrapped because it is too slow.
Brainshare - Identity management is key for Novell Novell kicked off Brainshare Europe in Barcelona by outlining its strategy to make identity management the basis of all IT systems.
Linux Group Pushes for Greater Standardization A number of the larger Linux developers like Red Hat and Novell are likely to back the plan, bolstering its uptake in the market. The agreement aims to ensure compatibility between Linux versions 
A New Sony Cyber-shot The unique-looking Sony Cyber-shot DSC-M1 (\$600 street) is a 5.1-megapixel digital camera with some interesting video capabilities.
Nokia launches  #39;fashion #39; phones At the Totally Fashion event in Shanghai, China, Nokia unveiled its latest mobile phones -- the 7280, 7270 and 7260. With sleek designs and interesting quirks, the phones -- which are more like fashion accessories 
Mistakes cost Dallas dearly Mistakes will drive a coach nuts. Mistakes are something Dallas coach Bill Parcells loathes. Mistakes are what put an end to the Cowboys #39; chances of winning the season opener at Minnesota on Sunday.
9:26 am: Rival Palestinian factions force shutdown of West Bank &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A standoff between rival Palestinian factions shut down a West Bank university on Monday, reflecting the growing state of chaos plaguing the Palestinian territories.
Pakistan Troops Kill 6 Militants Near Afghan Border Pakistan says its troops have killed six suspected al-Qaida militants in a semi-autonomous tribal region near the Afghan border. Army officials say the clash took place early Sunday in a mountainous area near 
PeopleSoft aims to keep worker morale high Six days before receiving a court ruling in the Oracle case, PeopleSoft sped up the vesting terms for its workers' 2004 merit options.
Linux standard gains big-name backers If Linux Standard Base 2.0 becomes the de facto guideline for companies working on open-source technologies, Microsoft may face more competition.
IBM open-sources speech recognition development tools IBM Corp. said Monday it will release as open source code some of its software for speech-enabling applications. The move is intended to spur development in the field and outflank rivals by making IBM's free technology the industry standard.
Linux standard gains big-name backers com September 13, 2004, 8:47 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Sony Unveils  #39;Cyber-shot M1 #39; Camera With Hot Button for Video Sony this week unveiled its new Cyber-shot DSC-M1 digital camera that features a swivel screen design that can automatically record video while snapping pictures.
Sorenstam returns from layoff to win 53rd LPGA Tour title Annika Sorenstam was more rejuvenated than rusty after a month off  quot;chilling quot; in Lake Tahoe and cleaning up after Florida hurricanes.
Echoes Across Forty Years On a day when the Browns last championship team was saluted before kick-off, the current team played like champions themselves. Perhaps it was just coincidence, but it seemed like more than that.
San Diego Padres Team Report - September 13 (Sports Network) - The inconsistent San Diego Padres will try for consecutive wins for the first time since August 28-29 tonight, when they begin a huge four-game set against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium.
Schuettler outclasses Baccanello to reach the second round of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Fourth seed Rainer Schuettler reached the second round of China Open here on Monday with a 6-4, 6-3 victory over unseeded Australian Paul Baccanello.
Manning Fares Well in Mop-Up Role The top overall draft choice #39;s real introduction to the league came not in training camp or preseason, or even when he handed the ball to Tiki Barber on Sunday and watched the tailback sprint 
 #39;Batman #39; scales royal palace in protest A campaigner dressed as Batman, from a fathers #39; rights group staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony on Monday.
Pakistani Forces Attack Militant Hideouts; 10 Killed Up to ten people were killed in fierce fighting between Pakistani security forces and al Qaeda-linked fighters Sunday, taking the death toll to over 70 in one of the deadliest actions against the militants.
Putin moves to strengthen Kremlin's grip on power following terrorist attacks (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MOSCOW (AP) - Responding to a string of deadly terror attacks, President Vladimir Putin on Monday moved to significantly strengthen the Kremlin's grip on power with new measures that include the naming of regional governors and an overhaul of the electoral system.
Nokia Signs  #36;146 Million Deal With Libya (AP) AP - Nokia signed a contract with the Libyan post office for a nationwide mobile-phone network in a deal valued at  #36;146 million, the Finnish company said Monday.
This Date in Baseball for Sept. 14 (AP) AP - 1903  #151; Red Ames' debut with the New York Giants was a five-inning, 5-0, no-hit victory over the St. Louis Cardinals. The game was called in midafternoon because of unusual darkness.
Kerry Faults Bush for End of Assault Weapons Ban The Democratic challenger outlined his own \$5 billion plan to fight crime and picked up the endorsement of a coalition of police unions.
US Airways #39; Bankruptcy Signals More Turbulent Times NEW YORK, Sept 13 (AFP) - The bankruptcy filing of US Airways highlights the still-fragile condition of the US aviation industry three years after the September 11 attacks, with more turbulence looming, analysts say.
DigitalNet buyout offer boosts stock Shares of Herndon-based government information technology contractor DigitalNet gained as much as 27 percent in Monday trading, after a weekend buyout offer from BAE Systems.
Linux standard gains big-name backers A number of software makers and well-known IT vendors have agreed to endorse the Free Standards Group #39;s latest Linux standard to help create common ground for companies building open-source technologies, the organization said Monday.
Bayer taps Schering-Plough to distribute pharmaceuticals in US The Schering-Plough Corp. will market and distribute Bayer AG #39;s primary care pharmaceutical products in the United States under an agreement announced Monday that could impact up to 1,800 jobs.
OVTI up in Early Trade, Shipping CameraChip to Siemens 08:11 AM EST, Sep 13, 2004 (MidnightTrader) -- OmniVision Technologies (OVTI) is advancing this morning after announcing it is shipping production volumes of its 1.3-megapixel OV9640 CameraChip to Siemens Information and Communication Mobile (Siemens 
Apple Macintosh 17in PowerBook There #39;s no doubt that Apple #39;s latest notebook computer is a joy to look at. The enormous 17in widescreen means you can watch films on it at a size approaching that of a television, and the brushed aluminium finish is undeniably stylish.
Microsoft #39;s Pay-for-Play Music Site Could Be a Competitor The MSN Music site, now in public preview and set for its full-featured debut in mid-October, instantly makes Microsoft a major player in the field, although the store has a decidedly me-too feel about it right now.
Browns back up their talk with 20-3 win over Ravens The Vindicator/Scott R. Galvin REACHING OUT: Cleveland Browns quarterback Jeff Garcia dives for a touchdown as he is hit by Baltimore Ravens safety Ed Reed in the fourth quarter of Sunday #39;s game.
Germany #39;s Rainer Schuettler victorious in first round of China &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Germany #39;s Rainer Schuettler defeated Australian Paul Baccanello and Finland #39;s Jarkko Nieminen downed Spaniard Guillermo Garcia-Lopez in the first round of the \$500,000 US China Open on Monday.
Ivan #39;s Category Five strength targeting Cuba, Yucatan Peninsula (GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands) - It appears Hurricane Ivan is turning toward the northwest -- with its wake, death and destruction.
Kenya Anti-Graft Chief Resigns The chairman of Kenya #39;s Anti-Corruption Advisory Board has resigned, accusing President Mwai Kibaki of interfering in the board #39;s work.
Scotland basks in sharks A survey of waters around the UK sees Scotland emerge as the top spot for basking shark sightings.
Advanced Marketing Lowers  #39;04 Estimates Advanced Marketing Services Inc., which provides customized wholesaling and distribution services for the publishing industry, on Monday slashed earnings expectations for fiscal 2004.
A Great Phone, Tied Down NEW YORK - When it comes to selecting a wireless phone for myself to use, I have in the past been a bit of a neo-Luddite. Sure, as part of this job I get to play with all the very latest and greatest that 
Lennon backs Celtic to beat Barca Celtic star Neil Lennon today claimed that the Scottish champions were facing Barcelona at the best possible time. Manager Martin ONeill has admitted the Catalan giants should expect to take six points from their two meetings.
Germany not certain to play opening game of 2006 finals Hosts Germany could opt not to play the opening game of the 2006 World Cup finals, organising committee chairman Franz Beckenbauer said on Monday.
Batman scales Buckingham Palace in protest A campaigner dressed as Batman, from the fathers #39; rights group that pelted Prime Minister Tony Blair with flour-filled condoms, has staged a dramatic protest on a Buckingham Palace balcony.
Putin asserts control after school siege Russian President Vladimir Putin says he will take full control of nominating leaders for Russia #39;s regions to help combat terrorism after a bloody school siege in which more than 320 people were killed.
Iraqi hostage beheading appears on website A video purporting to show the beheading of a Turkish driver kidnapped in Iraq last month surfaced today on the website of an al-Qaida-linked militant group.
5-year-old Jakarta bomb blast victim awake, but sedated again SINGAPORE : The five-year-old girl, who was critically injured in the Jakarta bombing, was taken off sedatives on Monday morning. Elisabeth Musu was awake for about three 
Novell lifts lid on identity management tools Novell Inc. lifted the lid on forthcoming enhancements to its identity management tools at its Brainshare Europe customer conference in Barcelona, Spain,Monday.
CA polishes up BrightStor products Computer Associates on Monday announced it is upgrading and consolidating its storage management software line. The computer software giant is offering 13 new versions of its BrightStor storage management line and also announced a new product in a move to better compete with rivals EMC and Veritas Software.
London shares up as Wall St climbs, WPP slips after Grey deal (AFP) AFP - Blue chips closed comfortably higher, lifted in late afternoon trade by a positive early performance by Wall Street, while a firm media sector and recovering oil stocks also boosted the FTSE 100, dealers said.
Iran Plans to Resume Nuclear Enrichment  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran said Monday it was losing patience  with U.N. inspections of its nuclear program and announced that  its agreement with the Europeans to halt uranium enrichment  would soon come to an end.
Hurricane Ivan Rolls Towards Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - A strengthened Hurricane Ivan headed toward the tip of western Cuba with 160 mph winds Monday after pummeling the Cayman Islands with flooding that swamped homes and fierce winds that ripped off roofs.    The slow-moving, extremely dangerous Category 5 storm, one of the strongest on record to hit the region, killed at least 68 people across the Caribbean before reaching the Caymans, and threatens millions more in its projected path...
Oil Up as Ivan Threatens Oil Patch  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico braced for  output disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
U.S. Airways Asks to Skip Pension Payment  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,  trying to raise money and avoid liquidation, on Monday asked a  judge for permission to skip a big pension payment due this  week, in its first move since filing for protection against  creditors over the weekend.
Tech Stocks Higher as Intel Lifts Market  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology stocks rose on Monday as  semiconductor companies returned to favor on Wall Street, led  by Intel Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, and helped lift major indexes.
PIMCO-SEC Settle Fraud Case for \$50 Mln  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The PIMCO mutual fund group has  agreed to pay \$50 million to settle fraud charges involving  improper rapid dealing in mutual fund shares, the U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission said on Monday.
Delta Explores Options, Hopeful on Pilots   NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday it is meeting with bankruptcy lawyers to prepare in case  the carrier needs to file for bankruptcy protection, but added  that recent talks with pilots make it hopeful a pilot agreement  can be reached later this week.
Time Warner Drops MGM Bid, Sony Persists  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Time Warner Inc. withdrew its bid  for Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on Monday, after  sources said a rival bidder group headlined by Japan's Sony  Corp. raised its offer to nearly \$5 billion.
OPEC Seen Wary on Big Oil Quotas Increase  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC may resist calls to raise oil  output quotas much, if at all, when it meets this week for fear  of turning a decline from record prices into a rout.
Bucs' Galloway Will Miss Four to Six Weeks (AP) AP - Tampa Bay's sputtering offense suffered a major blow Monday when the team learned receiver Joey Galloway will miss four to six weeks after aggravating a groin injury.
Ex-Qwest CEO may face civil charges Civil charges may be coming in the near future for the former leader of Denver-based Qwest Communications International Inc. The Wall Street Journal reported Monday that Joseph P. Nacchio, former CEO of the 
Time Warner Inc. Withdraws Bid for MGM, Citing Price (Update3) Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, withdrew its bid for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. after it could not reach agreement on the price of the film studio controlled by billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian.
Suzuki to build engine factory, car plant in India Japan #39;s Suzuki Motor Corp.  lt;7269.T gt; said on Monday it would spend about 10 billion yen (\$91.44 million) to build a diesel engine plant in India with output to start in 2006.
Campbell #39;s Soupy Results In my slightly tilted world, soup is one of the greatest culinary creations of all time. I would have to put it right up there with the peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich and meatballs and spaghetti.
Delphi Closes Down Flint West Site Auto-parts maker Delphi Corp. said Monday that it completed the planned shutdown of its Flint West, Mich., manufacturing plant, the largest of four US consolidations in its previously disclosed plan to reduce 
RESEARCH ALERT-SunTrust Robinson raises ImClone to  quot;buy quot; ImClone Systems Inc. (IMCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) was raised to  quot;buy quot; from  quot;neutral quot; by SunTrust Robinson Humphrey because consensus estimates for sales of its cancer drug are more realistic than they were.
Gateway repeats loss forecast Personal computer maker Gateway Inc. said Monday it expects to report revenue and operating loss for its third fiscal quarter, in line with its previous forecast given in July.
Growth in market share pleases Foodland Foodland Associated has been making inroads in New Zealand and this may help strengthen its position in Australia, where it faces fierce competition from bigger rivals, such as Coles.
PayPal to Impose Fines for Breaking Bans (AP) AP - Online payment processor PayPal said it would fine customers as much as  #36;500 if they violate the company's policies against using the service for gambling, pornography or selling prescription drugs without official certification.
Crowds Plead With U.S. Forces in Tal Afar (AP) AP - U.S. troops barred anguished crowds from returning to their homes in the besieged city of Tal Afar on Monday as residents described corpses scattered across orchards and the collapse of essential services such as water and electricity.
Cuban Tobacco Farmer Hopes Ivan Turns West (AP) AP - Cuba's top tobacco farmer predicted Monday that Hurricane Ivan's sudden turn to the west would ensure the storm causes only minimal damage to the island's key tobacco growing region.
Eye-catching wireless technology (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - SAN DIEGO - For two days last week, companies from around the globe converged near San Diego to showcase their best products and services using mobile and wireless technology.
Lebanon, Iraq and Mideast top Arab ministers' concerns (AFP) AFP - Arab League foreign ministers open a two-day meeting here on Tuesday focused on Lebanon and its relations with Syria, the situation in war-wracked Iraq, and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
IBM unveils Linux Power servers IBM introduced on Monday its inexpensive OpenPower line of servers based on Power5 microprocessors and the Linux operating system.
Genesis wreck promises data NASA has commissioned a panel of experts to work out what went wrong with the Genesis space probe, which crashed to Earth on 8 September.
Update 2: Broadcom Lowers 3Q Revenue Guidance Semiconductor maker Broadcom Corp. lowered its third-quarter revenue guidance, saying customers who make cable and satellite set-top boxes over-ordered its chips in the first half of the year.
Symantec Rolls Out Anti-Phishing Service Symantec Corp. is expected to announce on Monday a new service to help financial institutions fight phishing attacks and online fraud.
WinFS Removal Opens Window of Opportunity Microsoft #39;s decision to axe WinFS from Longhorn provides the company with an opportunity to expand the technology to work with multiple systems.
Microsoft Fattens Already Packed Visual Studio 2005 Lineup Microsoft on Monday added to an already dizzying array of planned Visual Studio 2005 offerings by unveiling a new version of the toolset for developers who fall between hobbyist and professional levels.
McAfee aims at small firms with e-mail service McAfee on Monday unveiled a new security service designed to let small companies outsource their e-mail security to the antivirus software maker.
High-Resolution Cameras Set Out to Win the Megapixel Competition The latest trend in digital photography is ultra-high-resolution fixed-lens cameras. The digital-camera manufacturers are constantly trying to outdo one another, in much the same way that CPU 
MS anti-spam proposal returned to sender The technical standards body for the internet, the IETF, has bounced back Microsoft #39;s controversial proposal for stopping spam, Sender ID.
Intel Mum on Dual-Core Desktop and Server Plans SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - SAN FRANCISCO -- Intel Corp. last week outlined a plan to develop a mobile processor with two CPU cores, but the company remained silent about its strategy for dual-core 
CA polishes up BrightStor products Computer Associates on Monday announced it is upgrading and consolidating its storage management software line. The computer software giant is offering 13 new versions of its BrightStor storage management 
Dell Seeks to Improve Services Through Support Hubs SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Dell Inc. is pushing ahead with plans to open a series of IT support hubs worldwide in an effort to improve its ability to serve customers, especially corporate users.
Latest Internet Peril: Cyber Bullies The US leads other technologically advanced nations in the reported incidences of cyber bullying, the latest trend to threaten youngsters who use the Internet.
North Korean FM says explosion was demolition blast (AFP) AFP - North Korea's foreign minister said that a huge explosion in the country's remote interior that triggered fears of a nuclear test was a harmless demolition blast linked to a hydro-electric power project.
Hunting climate change evidence Our correspondent David Shukman flies with a Nasa team as it monitors the state of Antarctica's glaciers.
Celts boost as Sutton trains CHRIS SUTTON trained today to keep alive his chances of lining up against Barcelona tomorrow. The striker has been out since damaging a hamstring on August 14.
Former private school teacher to face criminal charges in court Wednesday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A former Upper Canada College teacher made a brief court appearance Monday to face sexual assault charges.
RYDER CUP: Padraig win lifts Langer Europe #39;s only player in the world top 10, Padraig Harrington, has given captain Bernhard Langer the perfect boost as they fly out to contest the Ryder Cup today.
Jimenez wins 10th stage of Tour of Spain Spaniard Eladio Jimenez has won the 10th stage of the Tour of Spain after a lone breakaway on the final decisive climb. The Spaniard won the stage 
Sports: Rogers done for season The Detroit Lions wide receiver is out for the season after breaking his collarbone in yesterday #39;s 20-to-16 win at Chicago. Rogers was injured while going for a pass in the first quarter.
Concerns on Cisco bid suppressed (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Six months before the San Jose-Cisco Systems controversy went public, Leon Nix knew the city risked violating its own rules by favoring the networking company's products in its new City Hall. But he feared speaking out, thinking his bosses might come after him.
Europe seeks deadline for Iran to allay nuclear fears BRUSSELS : Key European governments turned up the pressure on Iran over its nuclear plans, giving Tehran a November deadline to allay concern it is secretly making atomic weapons.
Putin Strengthens Grip on Power After Attacks MOSCOW , Sep 13 (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - President Vladimir Putin announced steps to tighten Kremlin control over Russia  #39;s regions and called for  quot;radical quot; moves to improve security in the north Caucasus after the Beslan school hostage tragedy.
MP calls for release of old school pal North-west Norfolk MP Henry Bellingham has called for the release of an old college friend accused of plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea.
Website: Iraqi Militants Kill Turkish Hostage Islamic militants in Iraq apparently have killed a Turkish man whom they took hostage last month. Mr. Kumdereli was abducted with another Turkish truck driver in mid-August.
Oil Up \$1 as Hurricane Ivan Threatens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico braced for output  disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
Ryder Cup: Early Thrill for Funk in U.S. Team Room  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - American Ryder Cup  rookie Fred Funk gained an early thrill when he was among the  first to check into the U.S. team hotel on Sunday night.
Dollar Mixed Before U.S. Economic Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was mixed on Monday as  dealers grew slightly apprehensive of two key U.S. economic  indicators due on Tuesday.
Costa, Davidenko Bounced in Bucharest  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - Third seed Albert Costa and fifth  seeded Russian Nikolay Davidenko were knocked out of the  Romanian Open tennis tournament Monday, losing in the first  round to unseeded opponents.
CA Pumps Up Storage Management This week, CA plans to release BrightStor 11.1, which consists of 14 integrated storage applications, said Jim Geronaitis, vice president of BrightStor product marketing at the Islandia, NY-based software vendor.
Time Warner drops out of MGM race US media group Time Warner withdraws its bid for movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer after failing to agree a price.
3 Chains Agree on Suit Over Janitors' Wages and Hours Three California supermarket chains have settled a suit filed by immigrant janitors who said they often earned below minimum wage and were never paid overtime.
Fernando positive for the end of the season Fernando Alonso was disappointed to spin out of yesterdays Italian Grand Prix, but remains optimistic for the coming races.
Bahrain 'militant's' brief escape A suspect Bahraini militant escapes from court, but gives himself up an hour later, his lawyer says.
Monza race report: A bad day for Renault The team failed to score points after a race that saw difficult track conditions in the early stages and a Ferrari one-two in their home race.
Indians retrieve Himalayan bodies Mountaineers retrieve three bodies believed to have been buried for 22 years on an Indian glacier.
Palace balcony protester removed A Fathers 4 Justice protester dressed as Batman is removed after scaling Buckingham Palace.
Campbell's Soupy Results The world's biggest soup maker falls a penny short of earnings expectations.
Warming to the Warning Irrational exuberance follows after Broadcom investors bid up the stock on the heels of a revenue warning.
Florida and Gulf Coast Brace for Arrival of Hurricane Ivan Residents stocked up to prepare for a storm that has already swamped communities in the Caribbean and reportedly killed dozens.
Cisco and Fujitsu form Japan ties An alliance between US IT giant Cisco and Japan's Fujitsu could help both business boost sales as competition in the market for  broadband equipment ramps up.
Kerry and Bush Trade Charges on End of Weapons Ban, and Crime Senator John Kerry accused the president today of caving in to the gun lobby, a charge rejected by the White House.
Marcus Vick Pleads No Contest Suspended Virginia Tech quarterback Marcus Vick pleaded no contest Monday to a misdemeanor charge of contributing to the delinquency of a minor after a night of drinking with underage girls.
Bucs' Galloway Will Miss Four to Six Weeks Tampa Bay's sputtering offense suffered a major blow Monday when the team learned receiver Joey Galloway will miss four to six weeks after aggravating a groin injury.
Schools Weather PC Onslaught Schools across the Washington region relied on stringent new security precautions that helped quarantine infected PCs before they even had a chance to spread their disease. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Lions Lose Rogers to Broken Collarbone A broken collarbone has ruined another season for Detroit Lions wide receiver Charles Rogers.
Putin Moves to Strengthen Kremlin's Power MOSCOW - Responding to a spate of deadly terror attacks, President Vladimir Putin announced a series of anti-terror initiatives Monday that would strengthen the Kremlin's grip on every layer of Russian political life.    Putin told Cabinet members and security officials convened in special session that the future of Russia was at stake, and called for creation of a powerful anti-terror agency...
Bucs' Galloway Will Miss Four to Six Weeks TAMPA, Fla. - Tampa Bay's sputtering offense suffered a major blow Monday when the team learned receiver Joey Galloway will miss four to six weeks after aggravating a groin injury...
Judge Lets US Airways Use Gov't Loan ALEXANDRIA, Va. - A bankruptcy judge gave US Airways Group Inc...
Oprah Winfrey Gives Cars to Audience CHICAGO - Talk show host Oprah Winfrey celebrated the premiere of her 19th season Monday by surprising each of her 276 audience members with a new car.   "We're calling this our wildest dream season, because this year on the Oprah show, no dream is too wild, no surprise too impossible to pull off," Winfrey said...
N. Korea Says Explosion Was Planned North Korea on Monday reportedly told a visiting British diplomat in Pyongyang that a billowing cloud of smoke caused by an explosion last week was the planned demolition of a mountain for a hydroelectric project, according to news reports.
Colombian drug baron in US court Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela who headed Colombia's Cali cartel appears in court in the US state of Florida.
Storage software revenue stays aloft Companies' desire to squeeze more out of storage gear pushes storage software revenue to a 17 percent rise over last year, IDC says.
IBM unveils Linux Power servers The OpenPower systems, starting at \$5,000, are based on the Power5 chip and will run SuSE or Red Hat versions of Linux.
McAfee aims at small firms with e-mail service With its service, the company says, spam is quarantined before it enters the customer's network.
Nortel upgrades communication technology Networking provider upgrades a slew of products so large companies can better connect their workers.
Time Warner announces withdrawal of bid for MGM US entertainment giant Time Warner Inc. said Monday it has withdrawn its bid to buy Hollywood movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) after they failed to agree on a price.
Former Qwest CEO May Face Civil Charges DENVER -- The Wall Street Journal is reporting that Qwest Communications #39; former chief executive could soon face civil charges for his alleged role in an accounting scandal at the company.
Pimco affiliates to pay \$50 million amid fraud charges SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Three US-based mutual-fund units of German insurance giant Allianz will pay \$50 million to settle allegations that they defrauded investors in a market-timing scheme, regulators said Monday.
Suzuki on Rs 860 cr expansion drive Suzuki Motor Corporation has lined up investments of \$191 million (Rs 860 crore) to ramp up capacity in its Indian subsidiary Maruti Udyog Ltd.
Presse Economique / High-Tech SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 13, 2004--Afin de fournir aux entreprises les moyens de se librer des contraintes de travail  partir de leurs sites physiques, Nortel Networks (NYSE:NT)(TSX:NT 
Microsoft settles with Sendo Microsoft and Sendo announced a settlement has been reached regarding all claims in the litigation between the two companies, resulting in Microsoft surrendering its once-\$12 million shareholding in Sendo.
Lower orders dent Broadcom #39;s outlook With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Phone Giants Set Sights on Mobile TV  quot;The ability to watch TV-like content on a mobile phone is a natural next step of the advanced mobile multimedia services which are increasingly popular with consumer, quot; says Mats Lindoff, chief technology officer at Sony Ericsson.
Novell: Microsoft  #39;sucked \$60 billion #39; out of IT This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. BARCELONA, Spain--Microsoft has sucked billions of dollars out of the IT industry that could 
Dell hopes support hubs will improve service delivery Dell is pushing ahead with plans to open IT support hubs worldwide to improve its service delivery to buyers of its servers, storage devices and workstations.
Ferrari #39;s best season, says Barrichello IF Rubens Barrichello had any doubts about the Formula One season being the greatest in Ferrari history, then last evening #39;s Italian Grand Prix blew them away.
First title for Scot tipped to be new Tim ANDREW MURRAY walked off the Arthur Ashe court at Flushing Meadow yesterday after winning the US Open boys #39; title ... and vowed to return to win the senior version.
Report: Howe won #39;t be back in  #39;05 Art Howe #39;s future as the Mets manager has been the subject of scrutiny for weeks. The idea that Howe might not survive the season, let alone the remaining two years 
UN Staff Depart Western Afghan City 13 September 2004 -- Aid workers were leaving Afghanistan #39;s western city of Herat today after bloody clashes in recent days sparked by the dismissal of a powerful local governor.
The War Spirit Putin makes an unexpected concession to public demands--and then moves to bolster his powers significantly. ULYANOVSK, Russia--A week after the shock of the Beslan tragedy, President Vladimir Putin, a man 
Lucrative prizes for the terrorists #39; head Dr. Azahari and others suspected of terrorism have stayed a step ahead of the police for two years. So, why haven #39;t the police asked for the public #39;s help to apprehend them?
Website video shows beheading of Turkish driver An Iraqi militant group loyal to al Qaida beheaded a kidnapped Turkish driver and showed the execution video on its website Monday.
After loud lows, Gateway hopes to moove into black Not to be cowed by string of losses, PC maker enacts sweeping changes designed to quickly return it to profitability.
Search Engines 201 Want to dive deep -- really deep -- into the technical literature about search engines?  Here's a road map to some of the best web information retrieval resources available online.
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: How Do I Spot Cloaked Sites? - Geico Takes Aim at Google for Selling Ads Linked to Trademarks - Overture Match Type Changes - SEO: How Do You Separate Truth from Speculation? - How to Emergency Pause your AdWords Campaign
Nextaris: An Integrated Web Research Dashboard Nextaris pulls together all of the tools you need to find, save, and share information with others in a single online location.
The Search Engine Report - Number 94 Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recap of top search engine stories from August 2004.
Reflections On SEMPO Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recaps issues and concerns that marred the Search Engine Marketing Professional Organization's first birthday last month and looks at ways the group could go forward.
Trademark vs. Search: Do you Soo...gle? Does Geico's trademark lawsuit against Google have merit? How will the case be argued?  What's the likely outcome of the trial?  A mock court of trademark experts weighs in with their verdict. 
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: SEO for an eBay store? - Who Benefits Most from 3 AdSense Ads Per Page - What SEO Guarantees Do You Offer? - Keywords In Quotes Vs. Keywords In Italics - Yahoo Local Match   Yellow Pages 
Overture Shifting To Default Broad Match Within the next few weeks, Overture will make a major switch to matching terms on a broad basis, rather than the traditional exact match default it has followed since the company's launch.
Search Engine Milestones for August 2004 Notable news and announcements from the web search world during the past month. 
A New Player in Desktop Search Copernic, a well-known developer of web search tools, is entering the desktop search marketplace with the release of a new product today. 
Depression Drugs, Suicide Linked, Reviewer Says (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. government medical\reviewer told an advisory panel Monday that new findings\confirmed his conclusion months ago that certain\antidepressants increase the chances of suicidal behavior among\children and teens.
Latest Internet Peril: Cyber Bullies (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Parents' tend to worry about the obvious Internet dangers, such as porn, sexual predators and, to a lesser extent, misinformation. According to new studies by a non-profit group, Wired Safety, there is now another cause for alarm: cyber bullying.
Skype Delivers Mobile VoIP (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Voice over Internet calling is now available for \PDA users, with \Skype Technologies officially launching software designed for handhelds running the Microsoft Windows Pocket PC operating system.
Kyocera boost to Chinese PAS unit (FT.com) FT.com - Japan's Kyocera is to supply China Telecom, the country's biggest fixed-line telephone operator, with data PC cards that will allow users of its cut-price wireless network to connect their computers to the internet.
USAir Asks to Skip Pension Payment  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,  trying to raise money and avoid liquidation, on Monday asked a  judge for permission to skip a big pension payment due this  week, in its first move since filing for protection against  creditors over the weekend.
IBM Launches Power5 Linux Server (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Seeking an edge in the entry-level computing system space, \IBM (NYSE: IBM) has unveiled a Linux-based \server using the company's Power5 processors. The OpenPower 720 product is being touted as an alternative to basic Unix systems from \HP (NYSE: HPQ) and Sun.
Detroit 'Royalty' Helped Establish Ryder (AP) AP - When Oakland Hills was selected as the site of the 35th Ryder Cup matches, the PGA of America chose more than one of America's golfing jewels. They selected the one-time home of the man who helped usher the competition into its present-day prominence.
Depression Drugs, Suicide Linked, Reviewer Says  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - A U.S. government medical  reviewer told an advisory panel Monday that new findings  confirmed his conclusion months ago that certain  antidepressants increase the chances of suicidal behavior among  children and teens.
Who Needs Clustering? (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Clustering, or grid-server configurations, have matured, with built-in capabilities that have taken out some of the intimidating factors inherent in the system topology. As a result, clustering has become more practical for a broader range of I.T. applications and sectors.
Bush Calls Kerry Health Plan Bureaucratic Nightmare (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush derided Democrat\John Kerry's plan for reforming health care on Monday as a\bureaucratic nightmare and contended it would cost  #36;1.5\trillion.
Calif. Teen Wins H.S. Science Competition (AP) AP - A 17-year-old California boy won a premier high school science competition Monday for inventing a device that converts ocean wave energy into electricity.
Standard Bank agrees stake sale Shareholders in South Africa's biggest banking group Standard Bank agree to sell a 10 stake to black investors.
Putin Moves to Strengthen Kremlin's Power MOSCOW - Responding to a spate of deadly terror attacks, President Vladimir Putin announced a series of anti-terror initiatives Monday that would strengthen the Kremlin's grip on every layer of Russian political life.    Putin told Cabinet members and security officials convened in special session that the future of Russia was at stake, and called for the creation of a central, powerful anti-terror agency...
Filing: Krispy Kreme auditor refuses to OK quarterly report Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. disclosed in a recent regulatory filing that its independent auditors have refused to sign off on the Winston-Salem company #39;s quarterly financial statement until an outside law firm performs additional work.
Worm speaks to Windows users Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Tennis: US Open champion Federer in Sampras record threat NEW YORK : Roger Federer, who has just won his first US Open, is in many people #39;s minds a threat to Pete Sampras #39; record of 14 Grand Slam titles.
Harrington on a charge for Ryder Cup A THRILLED Padraig Harrington today made it three wins in a row for Europes Ryder Cup side heading into this weeks match in Detroit.
Ancient Chinese Consumed Fermented Drinks (AP) AP - The Chinese were consuming fermented beverages  #151; possibly wine  #151; as long as 9,000 years ago, according to scientists who used modern techniques to peer back through the mists of time.
Worm speaks to Windows users Using the Windows Speech Engine, the Amos virus greets XP users on start-up, makes a dubious claim, then bids farewell in Turkish.
Does Online Banking Put Your Money at Risk? Scammers and thieves are out there, but you can protect yourself.
Linux Advocates Challenge Microsoft SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Seeking to be more competitive with Microsoft Corp...
PayPal to Impose Fines for Breaking Rules SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Online payment processor PayPal said it would fine customers as much as \$500 if they violate the company's policies against using the service for gambling, pornography or selling prescription drugs without official certification...
US Airways Files for Chapter 11 for Second Time Description: Less than two years after emerging from bankruptcy, US Airways once again seeks Chapter 11 protection from creditors.
Crude Oil, Natural Gas Rise as Ivan Disrupts US Gulf Output Crude oil rose and natural gas soared in New York as the approach of Hurricane Ivan disrupted production and tanker shipments in the Gulf of Mexico, where a quarter of US oil and natural gas is pumped.
Gateway: Cost-Cutting, Refocusing Will Lead to Profitability NEW YORKAlmost six months into his new stint as president and CEO of Gateway Inc., Wayne Inouye came here on Monday to outline for financial analysts his plans for bringing the PC maker back to health.
Bayer Forms Sales Partnership With Schering-Plough (Update1) Bayer AG, Germany #39;s second-biggest drug and chemical maker, formed a partnership with US rival Schering-Plough Corp. to market some of Bayer #39;s biggest medicines after sales lagged in the second quarter.
IBM Rolls Out New Linux Server Using Power5 Chip International Business Machines Corp IBM.N on Sunday announced a new computer server using its Power5 microprocessor tuned for the popular Linux operating system, as the No.
Crashed capsule may still reveal solar secrets Much of the science from NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule, which crashed in Utah on 8 September, will probably be salvaged, mission scientists say.
Road to Longhorn gets longer Longhorn needs a new name. It #39;s not just because I #39;m tired of the bovine references and the  quot;shorthorn quot; jokes. No, the problem is that the future version of Windows, formerly known as Longhorn, in many ways 
Linux and identity services key for Novell Linux and identity management will be Novell #39;s biggest strengths, according to its chief executive Jack Messman. Messman told delegates at this year #39;s Novell Brainshare Europe event in Barcelona that the company 
CA Overhauls Key Storage Management Line Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has completed a major overhaul of its storage management software, updating and packaging its products into one  quot;integrated, intelligent quot; line.
Borland stresses easing software project burdens SAN JOSE, CALIF. -- Borland with its Software Delivery Optimization (SDO) plan is looking to enable users to manage software projects like a business, Borlands Boz Elloy, senior vice president of software 
Jimenez powers to victory US Postal #39;s Floyd Landis, who was dropped on the final climb, retained the overall lead by just 8 seconds from Spain #39;s Alejandro Valverde (Comunidad Valenciana-Kelme) who was fourth on the stage.
BAYERN BORE BUNDESLIGA Bayern Munich have already been handed the tag of FC Bayern Boring after a lacklustre 1-0 victory over Arminia Bielefeld at the weekend.
Marlins president looks for support at US Cellular Field Converting Chicago fans into Marlins #39; supporters isn #39;t an easy assignment. But team president David Samson gave it his best shot Monday morning.
Is genocide just a word in Darfur dilemma? (FindLaw) -- In response to a question about atrocities taking place in the Darfur region of western Sudan, Secretary of State Colin Powell said,  quot;We have learned from Rwanda.
EU urges release of Iraqi hostages, presses Iran EU foreign ministers called Monday for the immediate release of hostages in Iraq and condemned violence there after a deadly weekend wave of unrest, as Iraq and Iran clouded talks in Brussels.
Iraq elections to go ahead on schedule, says interim premier PARIS : Iraq #39;s elections will go ahead as scheduled in January even if some Iraqis are unable to vote due to the security situation in the country, interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said in an interview published in the several western daily newspapers.
Kenya #39;s anti-graft chief resigns Nairobi - Kenya #39;s fight against corruption suffered a blow on Monday after the chairperson of the new Kenya Anti-Corruption Advisory Board (KACC) resigned in protest at interference in its affairs by President Mwai Kibaki.
Britons 'take anti-fraud actions' Most Britons are taking precautions against identity fraud, a new survey has found.
News: SP2 Fights Worms, Has Bugs After a rough couple of years of embarrassing and serious hacker attacks hitting the Windows-using world, Microsoft Corp. struck back in August with the\security-minded upgrade it dubbed Service Pack 2.\
Sony Agrees to Buy MGM for Nearly  #36;5 Bln (Reuters) Reuters - A bidding group headlined by Sony\Corp. (6758.T) agreed in principle to buy Hollywood film studio\Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer  for nearly  #36;5 billion on Monday,\after rival bidder Time Warner Inc.  withdrew from the\auction.
New security lapse at Buckingham Palace as 'Batman' scales queen's ledge (AFP) AFP - An activist dressed as Batman and campaigning for fathers' rights evaded guards at Buckingham Palace to climb up to the main balcony of Queen Elizabeth's residence, in the latest security scare for the royal family.
Panthers' Peppers Out to Boost Sacks (AP) AP - Numbers don't define Julius Peppers. He simply won't let them. Yet they follow him, and to everyone outside of the Carolina Panthers, they seem to measure his success. A lot of sacks means a good season, a mediocre number equals a down year.
Coral Reef Damage Rising Worldwide (AP) AP - Only about 30 percent of the world's coral reefs are healthy, down from 41 percent two years ago, according to a study released Monday that lists global warming as the top threat.
Americans Try to Regain the Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Vijay Singh and Mike Weir provided a preview of the Ryder Cup, even though neither of them will be playing at Oakland Hills this week.
Federer's 'Beautiful Tennis' Sets the Standard  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Open champion Roger Federer  breezed into New York's Hard Rock cafe Monday clutching his  latest piece of silverware.
Tech Stocks Rise; Oil Prices Boost Sector  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Technology stocks rose on Monday as  semiconductor companies returned to favor, led by Intel  Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; and Broadcom Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BRCM.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BRCM.O&lt;/A&gt;, helping to lift  major indexes.
Borland stresses easing software project burdens SAN JOSE, CALIF. -- Borland with its Software Delivery Optimization (SDO) plan is looking to enable users to manage software projects like a business, Borlands Boz Elloy, senior vice president of software products, told attendees at the BorCon conference here on Monday.
Karzai Set to Be Afghan President in Ring of Steel  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai was due to be sworn in as  Afghanistan's first popularly elected President on Tuesday at a  ceremony attended by two of the figures most responsible for  easing him into power.
Transmeta Ships New Chip With Antivirus Technology Newest Efficeon processor also offers higher frequency using less power.
Pocket PC Users Report Trouble With Skype Internet telephony application balks on IPaq and Axim Pocket PC devices.
Sony Agrees to Buy MGM for Nearly \$5 Bln A bidding group headlined by Sony Corp. (6758.T: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed in principle to buy Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM.
PIMCO hit with \$50M fund settlement The PIMCO mutual fund group has agreed to pay \$50 million to settle fraud charges involving improper rapid dealing in mutual fund shares, the US Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.
Catalanotto, Blue Jays agree to two-year deal Outfielder Frank Catalanotto and the Toronto Blue Jays agreed Monday to a \$5.4 million, two-year contract extension through 2006. Catalanotto will make \$2.
Callahan says change in offense has been smooth Take away the glut of turnovers, and Bill Callahan says Nebraska #39;s transition from the triple-option to the West Coast offense has gone smoothly.
New details on Ivan #39;s damage Hurricane Ivan is bearing down on the western tip of Cuba with winds near 160 miles per hour. If the Cayman Islands and Jamaica are any indication, damage could be widespread.
 #39;Batman #39; Ends Buckingham Palace Ledge Protest A group that advocates greater rights for fathers in child custody cases sent two of its operatives over the fence at Buckingham Palace today and one of them, dressed 
Scores Are Dead After Violence Spreads in Iraq In a series of tightly sequenced attacks, at least 25 Iraqis were killed by suicide car bombings and a barrage of missile and mortar fire in several neighborhoods across Baghdad on Sunday.
Kuwaiti, Italian officials urge release of hostages in Iraq Kuwaiti and Italian officials on Monday urged the release of two Italian female hostages kidnapped earlier in Baghdad, the Kuwait News Agency reported.
Turkey Terror Suspect Warns of Attacks A suspected leader of a cell accused in deadly suicide attacks in Turkey boasted Monday that he was an  quot;al-Qaida warrior quot; and warned in court of future attacks if Turkey continued to support the United States.
Italian Foreign Minister Visits Kuwait (AP) AP - Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini appealed for a "civilized dialogue" between religions as he stood inside Kuwait's Grand Mosque at the start of a Middle East visit he hopes will help win the release of two Italian women kidnapped in Iraq.
Turkey warns US it could stop Iraq cooperation (AFP) AFP - Turkey warned the United States that it would halt cooperation over Iraq if US forces did not stop their assault on the mostly Turkmen populated Iraqi town of Tall Afar, Anatolia news agency said.
Groups Meet to Discuss Climate Change (AP) AP - New strategies to confront global warming took center stage in Buenos Aires on Monday, where thousands of environmentalists and government policy-makers gathered for an international conference on climate change.
Sears Finally Gets It The venerable retailer finally gets apparel and home furnishings online. Does it matter?
Roy Disney says Eisner should be ousted now Roy Disney, heading a dissident shareholder group at the Walt Disney Co., urged board members to accelerate the departure of chief executive Michael Eisner, who plans to resign in September 2006.
Should PeopleSoft Wave the White Flag? The stakes are so high in Oracle #39;s interminable campaign to buy out PeopleSoft that both companies could end up bleeding themselves to exhaustion in this war of attrition.
Sendo, Microsoft settle smart phone lawsuit Microsoft Corp. and UK mobile phone maker Sendo Holdings PLC have ended a two-year legal dispute over smart phones with a settlement, the companies said Monday.
Schering-Plough, Bayer strike deal BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Pharmaceutical conglomerates Schering-Plough and Bayer have entered into a broad joint-marketing deal Monday for several of the companies #39; leading drugs.
To Standardize Linux In an effort to help ensure standardization, the Free Standards Group has officially released the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, a specification composed of interoperability standards, a base set of APIs and libraries and developer environments and test 
Symantec Goes Anti-Phishing Symantec is fishing for dollars with a new service designed to help companies combat the ongoing epidemic of online identity theft, or  quot;phishing, quot; scams.
Open-Federer #39;s  #39;beautiful tennis #39; sets the standard US Open champion Roger Federer breezed into New York #39;s Hard Rock cafe on Monday clutching his latest piece of silverware. Maybe the venue was chosen in anticipation 
Former MVP Caminiti headed back to court Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti is due back in a Houston courtroom Tuesday because of an alleged positive drug test that would be a violation of his probation for cocaine possession.
For tiny Finland, a World Cup championship would be a storybook &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The book on extraordinary Finnish hockey accomplishments is a slender volume, no bigger than those comical books about cats that are stacked around the sales registers at Barnes  amp; Noble.
Nigeria handover of Bakassi peninsula delayed-UN The planned handover of the potentially oil-rich Bakassi peninsula from Nigeria to Cameroon is unlikely to take place by a Sept. 15 deadline, the United Nations said on Monday.
'Open Source Solaris' to debut this year As it readies Solaris 10, Sun develops an open-source project modeled on Apple's Darwin and Red Hat's Fedora.
SCO challenges IBM witnesses The Linux adversary again demands evidence from Big Blue and cites allegedly contradictory testimony.
Funds: Choose 529 plans wisely (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.
Linux promoters agree to standard in attempt to challenge &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seeking to be more competitive with Microsoft Corp., Linux backers have agreed on a standard version of the operating system so that programs written for one Linux distribution will work with others.
Blatter criticises  #39;childish #39; England players Sepp Blatter, the president of football #39;s world governing body Fifa, will tell Sven Goran Eriksson today that his England players were wrong to boycott the media last week.
Cycling: Jimenez Wins 10th Stage of Tour of Spain Spanish cyclist Eladio Jimenez has won the 10th stage of the Tour of Spain, while American Floyd Landis retained the leader #39;s yellow jersey for a third day in a row.
Seeded players Costa, Davidenko out of Romanian Open Third seed Albert Costa and fifth seeded Russian Nikolay Davidenko were knocked out of the Romanian Open tennis tournament on Monday, losing in the first round to unseeded opponents.
Mistakes overshadow offensive production in loss Looking as if he had just let the family dog run away, Joe Dailey stood in front of glaring camera lights and condemning stares and did his absolute best to try and make sense of it all.
Hurricane Ivan Rolls Towards Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands Sept. 13, 2004 - A strengthened Hurricane Ivan headed toward the tip of western Cuba with 160 mph winds Monday after pummeling the Cayman Islands with flooding that swamped homes and fierce winds that ripped off roofs.
EU Presses United Nations on Genocide Question in Darfur Foreign ministers of the European Union have called for the United Nations to immediately probe whether atrocities in the Darfur region of Sudan are genocide.
 #39;Batman #39; ends palace protest A FATHERS #39; rights activist dressed as Batman, who clambered onto a ledge at Buckingham Palace, has ended the protest after five-and-a-half hours.
Settlers scorn advances for evacuation Settlers willing to abandon their homes in exchange for compensation said Monday they would not be lured by advances paid out to who would leave their homes immediately under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan for unilateral separation from the 
Election blow for HK Democrats HONG KONG, China -- Hong Kong #39;s main pro-democracy parties have made disappointing gains in legislative elections, adding just three seats to their tally.
Italian foreign minister visits Kuwait KUWAIT CITY -- Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini appealed for a  quot;civilized dialogue quot; between religions as he stood inside Kuwait #39;s Grand Mosque at the start of a Middle East visit he hopes will help win the release of two Italian women kidnapped in 
Yasser Arafat #39;s bad year Four years ago, the Palestinians launched a war against Israel. It was designed to extract additional concessions from Ehud Barak #39;s government, just after being offered all of Gaza and more than 90 of the West Bank, including parts of Jerusalem.
Rightist Party Threatens to Bolt Israeli Gov't  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A rightist religious party voted on  Monday to quit Israel's ruling coalition if parliament approves  a withdrawal from Gaza or a bill to compensate settlers whom  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon intends to evacuate.
Update 15: US Airways Gets Permission for Gov #39;t Loan A bankruptcy judge gave US Airways Group Inc. permission Monday to tap a government loan to fund daily operations - a move expected to allow the airline to continue normal operations while it searchs for alternative financing.
Pocket PC Users Report Trouble With Skype (PC World) PC World - Internet telephony application balks on IPaq and Axim Pocket PC devices.
AT T Wireless to Sell Stake in Venture (AP) AP - Canada's largest cable company, Rogers Communications Inc., said Monday it will pay  #36;1.33 billion for the 34 percent stake in Rogers Wireless Communications Inc. owned by longtime American partner AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Iran Says Will Bring Nuclear Standoff to a Head  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran says it is determined an  international standoff over its nuclear programe should be  brought to a head in November, confident it can rebut U.S.  accusations of a secret bomb-making agenda.
Economics of NHL lockout The hockey league's labor deal expires at midnight tonight, and a work stoppage threatens the entire season.
Blair to Press on Climate Change, Challenge Bush (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair will make an\uncompromising speech on climate change on Tuesday, urging the\world to act in concert and pressing Washington to change its\stance.
All Australians accounted for in Iraq: Downer (AFP) AFP - Australia has accounted for all its nationals known to be working in Iraq following a claim by a radical Islamic group to have kidnapped two Australians, Foreign Affairs Minister Alexander Downer said.
New pathogens, mercury threaten Great Lakes, health of millions of residents (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - New antibiotic-resistant pathogens, airborne mercury and urban sprawl are threatening the health of the Great Lakes and millions of people who live around the bodies of fresh water, a report to the Canadian and U.S. governments concludes.
Sony-led group to buy MGM for nearly \$5 bil NEW YORK - A group of investors led by Sony Corp has agreed to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc for nearly \$5 billion, US news reports said Monday.
Analysts wonder if OPEC influence waning As OPEC #39;s leaders prepare to discuss oil price and output targets amid strong demand, analysts wonder if the cartel #39;s influence has waned at a time when producers outside the 
Roy Disney, Stan Gold want co to hire exec search firm SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Roy Disney and shareholder Stanley Gold on Monday urged non-employee members of Walt Disney #39;s (DIS) board to hire an independent executive search team to find a replacement for CEO Michael Eisner.
UPDATE 2-Huntsman latest chemical company to plan IPO Huntsman, which calls itself the world #39;s largest privately held chemical company, on Monday announced an initial public offering and said it will use the proceeds to reduce debt.
US lumber group seeks appeal of NAFTA decision VANCOUVER (CP) - The lobby group representing the US softwood lumber industry demanded today that its government appeal a US trade body ruling favourable to Canada #39;s industry.
3Com challenges Cisco to router duel com September 13, 2004, 1:28 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Cisco Systems to Buy Dynamicsoft Networking giant Cisco Systems Inc. said Monday it agreed to buy Internet technology firm Dynamicsoft for \$51.2 million, marking the second acquisition announced by the company in as many weeks.
IBM Puts Spotlight On Entry-Level Linux Servers A virtualization option will be available for the systems, which are based on 1.5- or 1.6-GHz Power5 processors. By Darrell Dunn. IBM on Monday introduced a new line of Linux servers intended to compete with 
Linux Boosters Look To Keep The OS Together Sep. 13, 2004. Major Linux distributors on Monday said they have agreed to support a single version of the freely exchanged open-source operating system to ensure that it #39;s growing popularity 
McAfee adds managed email protection McAfee says that a new managed email service will help small businesses handle the deluge of spam and viruses pounding their networks.
Standards group scuttles Microsoft e-mail proposal Internet engineers working on a standard for identifying the source of e-mail messages voted down a proposal by Microsoft to include some of that company #39;s intellectual property in the specification.
Novell: The future is  #39;both-source #39; Novell has claimed the future of software development is not to be found in either the open-source or proprietary models but one that combines the best of both worlds --  quot;both source quot;.
Does Online Banking Put Your Money at Risk? Legend has it (incorrectly, it seems) that infamous bank robber Willie Sutton, when asked why banks were his favorite target, responded,  quot;Because that #39;s where the money is.
Saint Francis Hospital digitizes patient records with GE systems TULSA, Okla. - Saint Francis Hospital, a Tulsa heart-care center, announced on Monday that with the aid of GE Healthcare it has installed of a new information technology system to handle hospital files.
Pocket PC users report trouble with Skype Pocket PC users who were expecting to use Skype Technologies #39;s SkypeOut service to make telephone calls via the Internet may find themselves without a dial-tone.
The need for speed: high-performance PCs A fast PC doesnt mean just a fast processor. Hard-drive speeds, memory and other considerations all affect a systems performance.
Judge Strikes Down Pa. Anti-Pornography Law PHILADELPHIA -- A Pennsylvania law aimed at stopping Internet pornography is getting no love from the court system. A federal judge threw out the law, which would have required Internet service providers to block Web sites that contain child pornography.
Langer #39;s delight at resurgent Harrington There was a family double for the Harringtons on Sunday but both Padraig and Joey will be hoping the same does not come true next weekend.
Italian carmaker revels on home course MONZA, Italy -- Brazilian Rubens Barrichello led a Ferrari 1-2 in the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday to trigger a homecoming party for the Formula One champions.
Team Canada hopes to wear white jerseys in World Cup of Hockey &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The ever-superstitious Wayne Gretzky hopes Team Canada can wear white jerseys for Tuesday night #39;s World Cup final against Finland.
Tennessee Titans Team Report (Sports Network) - A late schedule change certainly did not appear to faze the Titans in Week 1. Due to the threat of Hurricane Ivan in south Florida, Tennessees game against the Miami Dolphins was pushed up to Saturday, and resulted in a dominant, 17 
DenverBroncos.com ENGLEWOOD, Colo. -- The Broncos emerged victorious on Sunday night, but came out of the 34-24 win anything but unscathed. Cornerback Lenny Walls could miss as many as four weeks due to the dislocated shoulder 
US Cricketers Exit Champions Trophy With Tournament-Low Score Australia captain Ricky Ponting questioned the US team #39;s place in cricket #39;s second-biggest event after his players bowled the Americans out for the lowest total in the tournament #39;s history to win by nine wickets.
Iran #39;s cat and mouse game The Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency began a series of meetings yesterday in Vienna. The meetings, set to continue until the end of the week, will focus on Iran #39;s nuclear program.
Russian terrorism prompts power grab MOSCOW - In the aftermath of a wave of terror attacks, President Vladimir Putin yesterday announced fundamental political changes that will further concentrate power in the Kremlin and erode Russia #39;s fragile democracy.
North Korea set to allow return for British civil rights &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; North Korea yesterday signalled that it may decide to lift the veil on some of its human rights violations after being challenged to allow the inspection of one of the country #39;s notorious prison 
Darfur rebels may quit talks ONE of two rebel groups in Darfur today threatened to walk out of peace talks unless the Sudanese Government quickly presented a viable plan to end the conflict in the region.
Israeli strike kills three Fatah militants JENIN: Israel fired a missile at a Palestinian car in the West Bank on Monday, killing at least three militants, Palestinian witnesses and medics said.
Spain hosts summit as it returns  #39;to the heart of Europe #39; Spain #39;s socialist Prime Minister, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero, turned his back on the pro-Americanism of his conservative predecessor yesterday as 
IBM open-sources speech-recognition development tools SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - IBM announced today that it will release as open-source code some of its software for speech-enabling applications.
Breaking News: SCO Tries To Squeeze Discovery Out of IBM The SCO Group has asked the Utah district court overseeing its \$5 billion suit against IBM to postpone any decision on any IBM dispositive motions - like the one the court is supposed to hear on Wednesday seeking a partial summary judgment in IBM #39;s favor 
Ratings lowest-ever for US Open men #39;s final Roger Federer #39;s dominant win over Lleyton Hewitt was the lowest-rated US Open men #39;s final ever. Federer #39;s 6-0, 7-6 (3), 6-0 win over Hewitt on Sunday drew a preliminary national rating of 2.5 for CBS.
Denver CB suffers another setback Cornerback Lenny Walls dislocated his right shoulder in Denver #39;s season opener and could miss up to a month. Walls, who started all 16 games for the Broncos last season, played the nickel spot 
Expos and Marlins set for Chicago matinee CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Montreal Expos might be able to teach the Florida Marlins a thing or two about playing baseball at neutral venues.
Duke Study on Chemicals to Use Tiny Worms (AP) AP - _ Tiny worms are taking the place of laboratory rats and mice for a Duke University scientist studying the effect of chemicals on the body.
Suzuki #39;s new plan hits Maruti stock prices THE country #39;s largest carmaker Maruti Udyog Ltd #39;s (MUL) stock prices slipped on Monday, triggered ostensibly by parent company Suzuki Motor Corporation #39;s announcement to set up a new car assembly unit in India through a separate joint venture.
China investment slows Good news for officials who are trying to cool an overheated economy; austerity measures to remain. BEIJING (Reuters) - China reported a marked slowdown in investment and money supply growth Monday, but stubbornly 
AO Smith Lowers 3Q, Year Outlook Electric motor maker AO Smith Corp. lowered its third-quarter and full-year earnings estimates Monday, citing increased costs for raw materials and freight.
McAfee aims at small firms with e-mail service Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Cisco introduces integrated routers Cisco is to introduce a line of branch-office routers that integrate basic routing capabilities with IP voice support and security tools.
Novell Releases New Linux Management Tool Novell Inc. on Monday announced at its BrainShare trade show in Barcelona, Spain, the immediate availability of Novell ZENworks 6.6 Linux Management, a Linux software management system.
Debut for Microsoft ALM platform code A major component of Microsoft Corp. #39;s Application Lifecycle Management platform, Visual Studio 2005 Team System is today expected to reach beta.
Bloomberg Faces Payoff Year on School Plans New York's public school children are returning to class for a year that will serve as a crucial barometer of Mayor Michael Bloomberg's education efforts.
Gilat and Cisco collaborating on satellite interface routers Gilat Satellite Networks (TASE, Nasdaq: GILTF) has entered into an OEM (original equipment manufacturer) agreement with giant telecoms equipment manufacturer Cisco Systems.
Moscow weighs ruble priorities Russia is struggling to decide whether it should focus more on fighting inflation to keep goods affordable for consumers or on restraining the ruble to support local producers, the deputy prime minister, Alexander Zhukov, said Monday.
Stocks Edge Up on Tech-Sector Optimism NEW YORK - Optimism that the embattled technology sector was due for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher Monday despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company Broadcom Inc.    While Broadcom, which makes chips for television set-top boxes and other electronics, said high inventories resulted in delayed shipments, investors were encouraged as it said future quarters looked brighter...
Putin Moves to Strengthen Kremlin's Power MOSCOW - President Vladimir Putin on Monday demanded an overhaul of Russia's political system, including an end to the direct popular election of governors, saying the changes were needed to combat terrorism.    Critics charged the Russian leader was using the bloody outcome of the Beslan school siege to grab more power...
Implanted Lens Sharpens Blurred Vision WASHINGTON - There's a new option for people who suffer from extreme nearsightedness, whose world loses its crisp edge just a few inches from their noses. The first implantable lens for nearsightedness was approved Monday by the Food and Drug Administration...
Marlins Win at Temporary Home in Chicago CHICAGO - Chased out of Florida by Hurricane Ivan, the Marlins were forced to play a home game on the road and still cut their gap in the NL wild-card race. Florida rallied with six runs in the bottom of the eighth inning, taking advantage of four Montreal errors to beat the Expos 6-3 Monday at U.S...
Hurricane Ivan Barrels Toward Western Cuba GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands - A strengthened Hurricane Ivan headed toward the tip of western Cuba with 160 mph winds Monday after pummeling the Cayman Islands with flooding that swamped homes and fierce winds that ripped off roofs.    The slow-moving, extremely dangerous Category 5 storm, one of the strongest on record to hit the region, killed at least 68 people across the Caribbean before reaching the Caymans, and threatens millions more in its projected path...
NGOs may pull out Escalating conflict in the Sunnite heartland &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Frightened foreign workers for non-governmental organizations were thinking of leaving Iraq last week after kidnappers seized female aid staff in their office in broad daylight, marking a dangerous evolution in an escalating hostage crisis.
Playgirl: Olbermann Sexiest Newscaster NEW YORK - The countdown to the No. 1 sexiest male newscaster ends with .....
Kerry Chides Bush on Assault Weapons Ban WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...
Alleged Militant Hideout Bombed in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes struck an alleged hideout where operatives from an al-Qaida-linked group had gathered Monday, flattening homes and hitting an ambulance ferrying the wounded in attacks that hospital officials say killed 20 people...
Palace Intruder Dresses as Batman A protester dressed in a Batman costume scaled the front wall of Buckingham Palace Monday, reaching a ledge near the balcony where the royal family appears on ceremonial occasions.
McAfee Launches Managed Mail Security Service Sep. 13, 2004. McAfee on Monday pushed further into the managed security market as it introduced a multi-function managed e-mail service for small- and mid-sized businesses.
Standards group scuttles Microsoft e-mail proposal com September 13, 2004, 1:48 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Cisco Shaking Router Market Cisco Systems (Quote, Chart) will announce a new router family on Tuesday that includes products for small and medium businesses. The Integrated Services Router line delivers converged voice and data applications 
Sports File THE yellow card Didier Drogba received for diving during Chelsea #39;s Premier League soccer match at Aston Villa has been rescinded by referee Rob Styles, the Football Association said yesterday.
Ruptured biceps ends year for Titans #39; Piller NASHVILLE, Tennessee (Ticker) -- Tennessee Titans starting left guard Zach Piller will likely be sidelined for the season with a ruptured left biceps.
Series to conclude in Florida Chicago is definitely the Marlins #39; kind of town. But the defending World Series champions will be glad to return to South Florida.
Software Shares Up Ahead of Oracle Report Investors moved into software shares Monday a day ahead of an earnings report from Oracle Corp. that could give Wall Street a better idea about the pace of technology spending.
Navy Surveillance Ship to Be Converted (AP) AP - A Navy surveillance ship that once listened for enemy submarines and hunted for drug traffickers was turned over to scientists Monday to begin a new mission of exploring the world's deepest oceans.
Genesis' Broken Capsule Holds Good Science - NASA (Reuters) Reuters - After peering inside NASA's broken\Genesis capsule with flashlights and mirrors, scientists said\on Friday the craft's unexpected crash landing left solar\material intact and most scientific objectives within reach.
Feds Warn on Children and Antidepressants By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A Food and Drug Administration epidemiologist who triggered a closer look at suicidal behavior among children taking antidepressants cited independent experts at hearings Monday who he said support his findings.    In addition to seeing increases in suicidal thoughts among children receiving all the antidepressants he studied, Dr...
No End Yet to Ukraine Turmoil Despite Concessions  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing leader made key  concessions on Tuesday to opponents who have staged mass  protests against a rigged presidential poll, but failed to  agree exactly how to end the ex-Soviet state's political  turmoil.
Health Highlights: Sept. 13, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----       Hearings Begin on Antidepressant Use in Children      Two U.S. Food and Drug Administration advisory panels opened hearings Monday on the controversial issue of prescribing antidepressants for children...
Marlins Win at Temporary Home in Chicago (AP) AP - Chased out of Florida by Hurricane Ivan, the Marlins were forced to play a home game on the road and still cut their gap in the NL wild-card race. Florida rallied with six runs in the bottom of the eighth inning, taking advantage of four Montreal errors to beat the Expos 6-3 Monday at U.S. Cellular Field.
Howe Says to Fire Him Now if Decision Made (AP) AP - If the free-falling New York Mets have already decided to fire manager Art Howe, he wants to be let go immediately instead of after the season.
Meetings Scheduled to Discuss Expos Move (AP) AP - Still deliberating on where to move the Montreal Expos, members of baseball's relocation committee scheduled a new round of meetings this week.
Researchers Study Cattle Altitude Sickness (AP) AP - Two University of Wyoming researchers are working on developing a test to diagnose altitude sickness in cattle. Cattle under a year old are especially susceptible to altitude sickness above 5,000 feet. But the condition, called brisket, can only be diagnosed by inserting a probe into the jugular vein and measuring blood pressure in the heart and lung.
Ratings Lowest Ever for Open Men's Final (AP) AP - Roger Federer's dominant win over Lleyton Hewitt was the lowest-rated U.S. Open men's final ever.
Microsoft patent case goes to trial The software giant will defend itself against claims surrounding "Smart Tags" in its Office applications.
Cisco acquires software developer for \$55 million Firm says it's buying Dynamicsoft and its SIP-based development tools to help win new business with broadband and wireless providers.
3Com challenges Cisco to router duel The smaller gear maker claims that its new routers will cost 30 percent to 50 percent less than similar offerings from the market leader.
Business-to-business online ad network launches Ads served to search query results based on category rather than keywords.
Sendo, Microsoft settle smart phone lawsuit Sendo sued Microsoft in December 2002, alleging that it had stolen proprietary technology and trade secrets and used them to move into the mobile phone market. Microsoft denied the charges and had filed a countersuit.
HP wins \$290M data center deal with Defense Logistics Agency Under the 10-year deal, HP will create a single, organizationwide IT infrastructure for the agency in a move aimed at saving the Department of Defense money while creating a more modern and efficient IT operation.
'Digital' hospital showcases GE Healthcare technologies The technology at the \$55 million facility allows doctors to access patient information -- including digital scans, lab results and prescription drug information -- from anywhere in the hospital, at home or off-site, using a wireless network.
Symantec launches antiphishing service As part of its service, Symantec will use a global network of probes and decoy e-mail accounts to collect, analyze and identify new phishing scams targeted at customers that use its Online Fraud Management services.
IBM delivers Power-based servers with Linux IBM is unveiling an aggressively priced series of Linux-only systems today that will push its Power5 line of servers down into the low end of the market, taking Linux with it.
Server consolidation a priority for some data center operators CIOs at Enterprise Management World see server consolidation as a way to reduce management complexity in data centers and avoid the need to buy more server hardware.
Oil Up a Dollar as Ivan Threatens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico braced for output  disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.
Sony Group Agrees in Principle to Buy MGM  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=6758.T target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; agreed in principle to buy Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGM.N&lt;/A&gt; for nearly \$5 billion on Monday,  sources close to the deal said.
Linux standards base Version 2.0 has C support The Free Standards Group (FSG) on Tuesday will release Version 2.0 of its Linux Standard Base (LSB), a key standard that enables developers to rally around a common programming framework and keeps Linux from fragmenting into competing camps.
Disney Dissidents Want Eisner Out in 2005  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; dissident  shareholders Roy Disney and Stanley Gold on Monday said CEO  Michael Eisner, who last week said he would step down in two  years, should be forced to leave by early next year.
Indian software services, BPO face worker shortage BANGALORE, INDIA - India's software services and business process outsourcing (BPO) industries could face a shortage of skilled workers in the coming years, according to the National Association of Software and Service Companies (NASSCOM) in Delhi.
Acquisition of Grey Puts Focus on Havas  LONDON (Reuters) - WPP's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPP.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPP.L&lt;/A&gt; \$1.31 billion acquisition  of U.S.-based Grey Global takes it to the top of the  advertising sector and puts the spotlight on France's Havas  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EURC.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EURC.PA&lt;/A&gt;, which failed in its bid and may now become a  takeover target itself.
Sendo, Microsoft settle smart phone lawsuit Microsoft Corp. and U.K. mobile phone maker Sendo Holdings PLC have ended a two-year legal dispute over smart phones with a settlement, the companies said Monday.
Gateway Shifts Back to Personal Computers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gateway Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GTW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GTW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it  would return to its roots as a personal computer company,  backing off on an aggressive strategy of expanding into TVs,  digital cameras and other gadgets in a move to return to  profitability.
Saudi Says OPEC Easing Oil Price Pressure  VIENNA (Reuters) - Leading OPEC producer Saudi Arabia said  on Monday it had made a renewed effort to deflate record high  world oil prices by upping crude output again.
Iowa St. Nips No. 19 Virginia 81-79 (AP) AP - Curtis Stinson scored 30 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer with 18.6 seconds left, and Jared Homan followed with a big defensive play, lifting Iowa State to an 81-79 victory over No. 19 Virginia on Monday night.
Sony and Partners Agree To Acquire MGM Sony Corp. and several financial partners have agreed in principle to acquire movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$2.94 billion in cash, sources familiar with the talks said Monday.
The end of the WWW is upon us! Intel is leading the charge against internet failure, claiming that with an ever increasing number of online users,  quot;We #39;re running up on some architectural limitations quot;.
Jupiter Research: iPod/iTunes Combo an Advantage for Apple The Guardian (UK) has published an article looking at the battle between Apple and everyone else in the online music download business.
 #39;Digital #39; hospital showcases GE Healthcare technologies By building one of the world #39;s first all-digital cardiac care facilities, Saint Francis Heart Hospital hopes to provide patients with better care while helping doctors and other medical staff offer more effective treatments.
Curbishley: Our defence saved us Charlton boss Alan Curbishley praised his defence for keeping a resilient Southampton team to a 0-0 draw at The Valley on Monday evening.
Duquette denies report on Howe Partially out of necessity, Art Howe opts to ignore the newspapers that circulate throughout his neighborhood. As a result, he had to be briefed on a New York Daily News 
No deadline for Iran investigation: IAEA VIENNA: United Nations (UN) nuclear chief Mohamed ElBaradei said on Monday that there was no deadline for ending an investigation into Irans nuclear programme, even though Iran said it expects the investigation to wrap up in November.
John Paul II Mourns Death of Orthodox Patriarch Petros VII VATICAN CITY, SEPT. 13, 2004 (Zenit.org).- John Paul II fondly recalled his exchanges of letters and meetings with Orthodox Patriarch Petros VII of Alexandria, who died Saturday in a helicopter accident near Mount Athos.
US Airways cash relief A BANKRUPTCY judge gave US Airways Group Inc permission today to tap a government loan to fund daily operations - a move expected to allow the airline to continue its normal 
Hurricane Ivan #39;s twists force oil prices higher NEW YORK : The latest twists and turns from Hurricane Ivan prompted renewed concerns Monday about oil production in the Gulf of Mexico, pushing futures prices sharply higher on global markets.
OPEC kingpin argues against raising quotas or price band VIENNA : OPEC kingpin Saudi Arabia on Monday hinted the cartel would not raise either its official production rate or the price band at a ministerial meeting, as the oil price had stabilised.
Walker on the wild side We forget the judge, but we remember the ruling. For all the high marks he #39;s been getting for his decision regarding the US Department of Justice #39;s case against Oracle Corp.
Cisco Cements Walkie-Talkie Deal The San Jose, Calif., networking giant said Monday that it will pay \$55 million in cash for closely held dynamicsoft, a communications software developer based in Parsippany, NJ The company specializes in push-to-talk technology.
Update 2: Huntsman Corp. Attempts to Go Public Eager to shed its mounting debt, chemical giant Huntsman International LLC announced plans Monday to go public in a move analysts say is timed to take advantage of an improving market for basic materials.
IBM Code for Speech Software To Be Open After decades of research and development, speech recognition is finally moving toward mainstream use. Advances in statistical modeling, pattern matching algorithms and processing power have 
Sudan: UN Must Extend Arms Embargo The United Nations Security Council must immediately increase the international presence in Darfur and impose an extended arms embargo to stop continuing atrocities there, Human Rights Watch said in a letter to members of the Security Council.
Allawi says elections will go ahead in Iraq as scheduled PARIS (AFP) -- Elections in Iraq will go ahead as scheduled in January, even if some Iraqis could not vote, Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said in an interview published Monday in the French daily Le Figaro.
Bloody day in Baghdad Insurgents hammered central Baghdad yesterday with one of their most intense mortar and rocket barrages ever in the heart of the capital, heralding 
Italy #39;s Foreign Minister Arrives to the Middle East Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini arrived today to the Middle East, in a bid to free two female aid workers kidnapped in Iraq.
Report Probes Hispanics' Racial Identity (AP) AP - Hispanics who identify themselves as "white" tend to be better educated and less likely to be in poverty than those who consider themselves "some other race," according to a report released Monday by a private research group.
CEO: Nortel Can Compete With China Rivals (AP) AP - The chief executive of Nortel Networks Corp. insisted Monday that the troubled telecom equipment giant will be able to compete with Chinese vendors doing similar work with lower-paid software engineers.
Sun Micro Revises Net Down -Filing (Reuters) Reuters - Network computer maker Sun\Microsystems Inc.  revised its most recently reported\quarterly results slightly lower due to the finalized legal\settlement with Microsoft Corp.  and property leases,\filings showed on Monday.
Internet is a victim of its own success It is the news that internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. Patrick Gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker Intel, told a conference 
A tape-measure shot for Bonds #39; 700th would be just about right For the sake of argument, here #39;s hoping Barry Bonds #39; next home run ball travels 500 feet, minimum. In these days of inflated baseball, something monstrous for No.
Tennessee Titans Team Report A late schedule change certainly did not appear to faze the Titans in Week 1. Due to the threat of Hurricane Ivan in south Florida, Tennessees game against 
House Wishes Bill Clinton Happy Birthday (AP) AP - Hallmark may have a greeting card for just about every occasion, but maybe not one for an ex-president recovering from bypass surgery a month after his birthday.
Krispy Kreme: Auditor Won't OK Figures Shares fell Monday after the doughnut company said an independent auditor refused to sign off on its second-quarter financial statement until an outside law firm performed additional work.
Opposition to Disney step down Disney boss Michael Eisner faces opposition about his plan to step down in 2006, with some shareholders saying it should be sooner.
Sony Agrees to Buy MGM for Nearly \$5 Billion Comcast, the biggest U.S. cable operator, will join the investors working with Sony on the deal, a source close to the discussions said.
Back to School for Wal-Mart The company backs September same-store sales growth forecast as back-to-school sales finally pick up.
Lenovo Confirms Acquisition Talks (Reuters) Reuters - China's largest\personal computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., said on Tuesday it\was in acquisition talks with a major technology company, which\a source familiar with the situation said was IBM.
Karzai Set to Be Afghan President in Ring of Steel Hamid Karzai was due to be sworn in as Afghanistan #39;s first popularly elected President on Tuesday at a ceremony attended by two of the figures most responsible for easing him into power.
UPDATE 2-Atkins hires turnaround firm amid low-carb glut The company behind the Atkins Diet said on Monday it had hired a turnaround specialist as it struggles with tough competition from rival food companies and waning consumer interest in low-carb diets.
Hurricane Ivan hits Caribbean Washington, Sept. 14. (Guardian News Service): One of the most powerful hurricanes of recent times rolled over the Cayman Islands on Sunday and is due to hit Cuba next after causing more than 50 deaths across the Caribbean.
With discourse focused on civil war, Sharon, settlers use fear to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On the eve of the Jewish New Year, Israels national discourse was dominated by talk of potential civil war, but few of those talking dared define the possible dimensions of such a conflict.
HK pro-democrats dismayed HONG KONG - Pro-democracy opposition figures gained more clout in Hong Kong #39;s legislature with three new seats, but they fell short of expectations and resumed grumbling yesterday about a system they said was unfairly rigged.
OPEC meets to decide production quota A meeting of OPEC members this week will decide whether to increase its production band and prices, or lower them, amid wildly oscillating oil markets.
Zeng Outlines Vision For The Chinese Economy BEIJING, SEPT 13: Chinese Vice-Premier Zeng Peiyan has outlined an ambitious long-term vision for China, with the aim of quadrupling output within two decades, at the opening plenary session of the World Economic Forums China Business Summit 2004.
Bankrupt Commerce One Patents Fetch  #36;15.5M (AP) AP - Bankrupt Internet software maker Commerce One Inc. auctioned off dozens of prized online patents for  #36;15.5 million in a sale that could provoke a legal scuffle over whether the new owner is entitled to collect royalties from a long list of technology heavyweights.
Rogers Communications to pay \$1.77B for AT amp;T stake in Rogers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Rogers Communications Inc. said Monday it will pay \$1.77 billion in cash for the 34 per cent stake in cellphone subsidiary Rogers Wireless owned by longtime US partner AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Ivan may delay Southern Miss-California game HATTIESBURG, Miss. - Unless Hurricane Ivan drifts drastically to the east by Tuesday morning, the Southern Miss-California football game set for Thursday night will be postponed.
UN should extend arms embargo on Khartoum, says HRW DAKAR, Senegal, Sep 13, 2004 (PANA) -- New York-based Human Rights Watch (HRW) has in a letter to the UN Security Council urged an immediate increase in international presence in Darfur and an extension of arms embargo to stop continuing atrocities in the 
Columnists: I Spy With My Little Eye Forget Congress' myopic efforts to outlaw spyware. What we really need is better enforcement of existing computer crime laws.\
Top End for No. 10 Cal Finally Healthy (AP) AP - Almost the only thing Chase Lyman has kept healthy while playing football is his head.
49ers QB Tim Rattay Has Separated Shoulder (AP) AP - Quarterback Ken Dorsey is expected to make his first NFL start for the San Francisco 49ers after Tim Rattay was diagnosed with a separated right shoulder Monday.
U.S. Wants Iran to Go Before U.N. Council (AP) AP - Buoyed by growing European support, the United States lobbied the U.N. atomic watchdog agency Monday to send Iran before the U.N. Security Council for refusing to freeze work that can produce nuclear weapons.
Sportsview: Bonds' 700th Should Be a Blast (AP) AP - For the sake of argument, here's hoping Barry Bonds' next home run ball travels 500 feet, minimum.
Selanne Enjoying Ice Time Again (AP) AP - Teemu Selanne's season with the Colorado Avalanche was nothing short of miserable.
BAE buys IT supplier to Pentagon BAE Systems acquires a US firm which provides computer and IT systems to the US defence department.
Oracle broadens software hosting program Company targets software-as-service businesses with on demand database program.
Intermec unveils first multi-protocol RFID printer  Intermec Technologies on Monday unveiled a prototype version of a multi-protocol RFID printer in its PM 4i Smart Printer product line at the Frontline Solutions Conference   Exposition in Chicago. Company officials said it is the first multi-protocol printer in the market.
Sony Group Set to Buy MGM; Time Warner Drops Its Bid consortium led by the Sony Corporation of America reached a tentative agreement today to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, the Hollywood studio famous for James Bond and the Pink Panther, for 
Macy #39;s to go nationwide The name Goldsmith #39;s will be disappearing from the retail landscape in January. Federated Department Stores plans to put all of its regional chains under its Macy #39;s brand, completing a transition that began with the other stores sharing the Macy #39;s name.
Microsoft e-mail proposal dealt setback update Internet engineers working on a standard for identifying the source of e-mail messages voted down a proposal by Microsoft to make some of the company #39;s intellectual property a mandatory part of the solution.
Borland Details New Vision for Software Development At Bor-Con Borland Software Monday previewed updates to its Borland StarTeam and CaliberRM tools as part of a new vision for more closely tying the application development lifecycle to business processes.
Keegan #39;s City on road to nowhere Manchester City, a friendly club with terrific supporters and an intelligent board, must now address the reality that Kevin Keegan has guided them from Maine Road down a cul-de-sac.
North Koreans say blast was demolition North Korean officials have announced that a huge explosion in its remote Northeast was part of a hydroelectric project. Mystery surrounded the blast in the mountainous province of Yanggang and fears grew 
EU considers sanctions against Sudan afrol News, 13 September - Foreign Ministers of the European Union (EU) today decided to investigate whether the situation in Sudan #39;s Darfur provinces should be termed  quot;genocide quot;.
Seattle RB Is Day to Day With Bone Bruise (AP) AP - Seattle Seahawks running back Shaun Alexander has a bone bruise on his right knee, but could play in this week's game at Tampa Bay.
MGM Agrees to Be Bought for \$12/Share  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Film and television studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it agreed in  principle to be acquired by a consortium led by Sony Corp. of  America for \$12 a share in cash, plus assumed debt.
Buckingham Palace 'Batman' Protest Prompts Security Review  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has ordered an urgent security  review at Buckingham Palace after a campaigner dressed as  Batman evaded armed police and spent five hours on a ledge at  Queen Elizabeth's London residence.
Sun Micro Revises Net Down -Filing Network computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. revised its most recently reported quarterly results slightly lower due to the finalized legal settlement with Microsoft Corp.
Seattle RB is day to day with bone bruise on right knee Seattle Seahawks running back Shaun Alexander has a bone bruise on his right knee, but could play in this week #39;s game at Tampa Bay.
Early is too late Carlos Emmons, Barrett Green and Terry Cousin, three veteran defensive players the Giants signed in the offseason, have filed appeals through the NFL Players Association of \$500 fines Tom Coughlin gave them in training camp.
EU Calls for U.N. Investigation on Sudan (AP) AP - European Union foreign ministers called Monday for the United Nations to "immediately investigate" whether atrocities in Sudan's Darfur region constitute genocide, highlighting growing impatience with the Sudanese government for failing to end the conflict.
Nikkei Opens Higher Led by Tech Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei share average was up 0.56\percent in early morning trade on Tuesday as another jump in\U.S. technology shares encouraged investors to step up buying\in local counterparts such as Advantest Corp.
Amid Protests, Ecuador Fires Galapagos Park Chief  QUITO, Ecuador (Reuters) - Ecuador has fired the popular  director of Galapagos National Park even as environmentalists  criticized authorities for failing to take better care of the  pristine islands.
Turkey warns US on northern Iraq Turkey says it will end cooperation in Iraq if the US continues its offensive in the northern town of Talafar.
Iranian misses Israel match Iranian striker Vahid Hashemian will not travel to Israel for a Champions League match against Maccabi Tel Aviv.
CEDIA 2004: Picks and Pans (PC World) PC World - Here's what was good-looking, butt-ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
Sun Cuts 4Q Net Income by  #36;12 Million (AP) AP - Computer maker Sun Microsystems Inc. reduced its net income by  #36;12 million for its fiscal fourth quarter, citing new information related to property leases and the finalization of the accounting for its settlement with Microsoft Corp.
US Airways to Skip Pension Payment (Reuters) Reuters - US Airways Group Inc. \told a bankruptcy court on Monday it would skip a  #36;110 million\pension payment due Wednesday as it looks to slash costs and\avoid liquidation after filing for protection from its\creditors over the weekend.
Tour to Honor U.S. Women's Soccer Team (AP) AP - A 10-city farewell tour for longtime U.S. soccer stars Mia Hamm, Julie Foudy and Joy Fawcett will kick off Sept. 25 in Rochester.
Storm Delays Southern Miss-Cal Game (AP) AP - Approaching Hurricane Ivan has led to postponement of the game Thursday night between 10th-ranked California and Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg, Cal's athletic director said Monday.
MGM Agrees to Be Bought for \$12/Share Film and television studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. (MGM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it agreed in principle to be acquired by a consortium led by Sony Corp.
Sony Group Agrees in Principle to Buy MGM (Reuters) Reuters - A group headed by Sony Corp of\America agreed in principle to acquire Hollywood film studio\Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer  for  #36;12 a share in cash, MGM said\on Monday.
Crude oil prices climb on fears of Hurricane Ivan #39;s path Crude oil rose on Monday in New York as market concerned that the approach of Hurricane Ivan woulddisrupt production and tankers shipments in the Gulf of Mexico.
Developing the economy in a sustainable way At a recent business summit, Vice-Premier Zeng Peiyan predicted that China will sustain an annual economic growth rate of more than 7 per cent by 2020.
Macys name goes national Recognizing the power of its single largest retailing name, Federated Department Stores Monday said it will re-brand all of its regional chains into Macy #39;s stores.
BAE unveils \$600m takeover deal as it targets growth in US BAE Systems, Europes biggest defence firm, yesterday announced the planned \$600 million (334m) takeover of a leading US supplier of secure computer networks to the Pentagon.
Celebrities join family in plea for Quattrone Almost 500 letters from friends, family, corporate leaders and celebrity sportsmen were sent in defence of convicted internet banker Frank Quattrone, it emerged yesterday.
Linux: Should it be tamed? In a bid to bring Linux to the marketplace, the open-source community and manufacturers agree on new rules for Linux. The often unruly world of open-source software drew closer to marching in lockstep Monday 
Telestream Unveils Windows Media 9 Series Encoding Support For Mac Telestream announced Friday support for exporting or importing files in the Microsoft Windows Media format on Mac OS X platforms. Telestream #39;s new support capabilities for Windows Media 
McAfee launches Managed Mail Security Service McAfee, on Monday, announced a launch of its multi-function e-mail service for small to medium sized businesses. It is a managed mail protection service that includes anti-spam, anti-virus, and content filtering technologies.
Sarah #39;s Download of the Day: Windows XP Service Pack 2 Service Pack 2 is the long-awaited mega-bug fix for Windows XP, and pretty much the last bit of excitement until Longhorn. But what does it mean for you?
Linux and Identity Services Key for Novell Messman said that enterprise-ready Linux capabilities, including strong management, were being achieved through its Open Enterprise Server (OES) which is shortly to go into open beta.
CA upgrades BrightStor line with gusto Computer Associates is not messing around with its storage management software line. The company this month will upgrade all 13 versions of the BrightStor family, release a new product aimed at automating 
It is a Race! Well, we finally have an official introduction of both the giants #39; dual-core CPU power.  quot;...Intel and AMD must have come to the same conclusions earlier this decade since today we have seen server demonstrations with 90nm server chips from both companies.
Federer Express derails Hewitt ROGER Federer calls tennis  quot;artistry quot; and yesterday fourth seed Lleyton Hewitt was his canvas as the Swiss world No. 1 dominated the US Open men #39;s final in a straight sets victory over the in-form Australian.
Play-off earns Singh seventh victory of year NOW that he is No1 in the world, Vijay Singh clearly believes that the best way to stay there is to continue the form that got him there and secure victory by playing better than everyone in the field - again.
Safety measures help Rice walk away from scary accident Thoughts of the October 2003 incident in which Kenny Brack sustained serious injuries flashed through Buddy Rice #39;s mind as his car slid upside down on the backstretch during the Delphi Indy 300 on Sept.
PSV in tough opener at Arsenal PSV Eindhoven faces Arsenal at Highbury tomorrow night on the back of a free-scoring start to the season. Despite losing Mateja Kezman to Chelsea in the summer, the Dutch side has scored 12 goals in the first 
Lomu Says Kidney Transplant Working, Targets Rugby World Cup Jonah Lomu, the leading try scorer in rugby World Cups, said he #39;s returning to full health after a kidney transplant six weeks ago.
Neville injury is a blow for United and England Sven-Goran Eriksson will be without another crucial member of his England squad for the World Cup qualifier against Wales on Oct 9 after it was confirmed yesterday that Gary Neville will join 
Throw minnows back says Ponting Cricket is safe from pretzels and popcorn for a while longer, judging by yesterday #39;s nine-wicket defeat for the United States.
Southern Miss to make decision on Cal game by Tuesday Approaching Hurricane Ivan has led to postponement of the game Thursday night between 10th-ranked California and Southern Mississippi in Hattiesburg, Cal #39;s athletic director said Monday.
Putin strengthens the Kremlin #39;s grip VLADIMIR Putin, the Russian president, yesterday ordered a drastic centralisation of government power that is likely to strengthen the Kremlins grip over every aspect of political life.
Glum Day for Hong Kong Democrats A series of tactical errors, with peculiarities in the voting process, prevented democracy advocates here from winning as many seats as expected in Sunday #39;s legislative 
Netanyahu Calls for Gaza Plan Referendum JERUSALEM Sept. 13, 2004 - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s attempt to speed up a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip was undercut Monday by his main political rival, who called for a national referendum that could delay or even scuttle the pullout.
Bali tourism still going strong The bombing outside the Australian Embassy in Jakarta appears not to have harmed Australia #39;s renewed love affair with Bali. Travel wholesalers have reported that since the first anniversary of the Bali bombing 
UPDATE 2-US budget gap narrows in August -Treasury Dept The flow of US government red ink narrowed in August from the year-ago pace, but the deficit remained on track for a second straight annual record, a Treasury Department report on Monday showed.
Rams Offensive Line Strong in Debut (AP) AP - A makeshift offensive line came together at just the right time for the St. Louis Rams.
MGM studios to be bought by Sony Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Hollywood's last major independent, is set to accept a Sony offer worth \$5bn.
Sony-Led Group to Acquire MGM for \$3B LOS ANGELES - A consortium led by Sony Corp. has agreed in principle to acquire famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc...
The winner Eight years ago, Andrew Murray survived the Dunblane massacre. Now, the 17-year-old has just become the first British player to win the junior US Open.
Sony Group Agrees in Principle to Buy MGM  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony Corp of  America agreed in principle to acquire Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGM.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$12 a share in cash, MGM said  on Monday.
Russian Telecom Looks To Dial In Gains In New Markets (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Could Russia's hypergrowth in cellular subscribers start slowing?
Dollar Stuck in Well-Worn Ranges  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar shuffled in tight ranges on  Tuesday as the market looked to U.S. economic indicators due  later in the day for clues about the pace of monetary  tightening.
MGM loses a bidder as price rises NEW YORK Time Warner on Monday withdrew its bid for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer after failing to reach agreement on a price for the film studio controlled by billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian.
Alcohol good after heart surgery A tipple or two can aid recovery from heart surgery,  research suggests.
Well, it worked for Bill So let me get this straight: Barry Bonds used steroids, but he didn #39;t inhale?***Mr. Schwarzenegger, meet your new lieutenant governor.
Briefly: Web services security outfits merge roundup Plus: Groups push on for TV on cell phones...Shopping.com holders cut IPO shares...Transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings.
Sun, Microsoft to detail interoperability in October Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. next month plan to provide more details on work they are doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said Monday.
Till death do you part (from your phone company) How much would you pay for a lifetime of unlimited phone calling? Try \$1,000 on for size, says a New England phone company. The only catch is customers must provide their own broadband connection, which typically 
CEDIA 2004: Picks and Pans  Here's what was good-looking, butt-ugly, and just plain annoying at the recent consumer electronics and home theater show.
IBM Touts Entry-Level Linux Servers IBM today rolled out its eServer OpenPower family of entry-level Linux servers, positioning the systems as cost-effective alternatives to Solaris boxes offered by archrival Sun Microsystems.
Free Net telephony takes off As many as 250,000 Japanese are estimated to be making free phone calls around the world over the Internet thanks, indirectly, to a controversial file-swapping technology.
Hewitt: Grand Slammed, but optimistic Lleyton Hewitt believes he can still win another grand slam title despite conceding Roger Federer has tennis history at his mercy after the world No1 #39;s one-sided victory in yesterday #39;s US Open final.
Bookies will lose shirts: Latham OPPOSITION Leader Mark Latham today warned bookies they may be the ones losing their shirts come October 9. Mr Latham said he was surprised at recent betting markets framed for the upcoming election.
Media Repeat Bid to Unseal Bryant Records (AP) AP - The dismissal of the sex assault charge against Kobe Bryant underscores why records in the case should be made public, media organizations said in motions Monday to unseal the evidence.
Oracle Implements Xserve RAID Internally; Endorses Apple Oracle today endorsed Apple #39;s Xserve RAID as one of a handful of storage solutions supported and recommended for its Resilient Low-Cost Storage initiative (RLCS).
Mozilla Nears Firefox Finale (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - With a preview of Firefox 1.0 ready for release, the open-source development group says it is also preparing for a grassroots marketing push.
Sony Group Agrees in Principle to Buy MGM  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony Corp of  America agreed in principle to acquire Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGM.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$12 a share in cash, both sides   said on Monday.
Techs Lead as Tokyo Stocks Move Higher  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose 0.69 percent  by mid-morning on Tuesday as another jump in U.S. technology  shares encouraged investors to step up buying in local  counterparts such as Advantest Corp.
IBM Annouces New Resources for Business Partners IBM today announced new virtual resources to help business partners more quickly build and deploy on demand business applications tailored to meet customer requirements across all vertical industries.
Bombings May Take Backseat in Indonesia Campaign  JAKARTA (Reuters) - The official campaign for Indonesia's  run-off presidential election begins on Tuesday, five days  after a deadly suicide bombing, but most voters appear unlikely  to be swayed by the event.
Skype launches PDA platform www.internetnews.com via NewsEdge Corporation : Internet telephony provider Skype Technologies has released a final version of its peer-to-peer VoIP software for Wi-Fi-enabled Pocket PC devices.
Roger setting the standard, says Hewitt New York: Lleyton Hewitt is getting frustrated meeting Roger Federer in the major events. For the third time in four Grand Slams this year, the Swiss got the better of Hewitt.
Williams-Darling poised for jackpot BERLIN, Germany - Bahamian 400-metre Olympic champion Tonique Williams-Darling has to continue her unbeaten streak for one more race this season, tomorrow #39;s Berlin meet, in order to collect her share of the TDK Golden League jackpot.
Chen Gets Rare Win As Os Beat Blue Jays TORONTO - Bruce Chen pitched his first complete game to win for the first time in over two years, and Rafael Palmeiro homered during a five-run opening inning to lead the Baltimore Orioles past the Toronto Blue Jays 9-1 Monday night.
Bonds hoping for 700th homer in Milwaukee Barry Bonds always prefers to reach his milestones at home. With the San Francisco Giants on the road for the next three games, hitting his 700th homer in the city where Hank Aaron began his pursuit of the 
First Monday game is a classic battle (Sept. 13, 2004) -- Last season on the weekend of Jan. 10-11, two of the most unlikely scenarios in the NFL played out, and we never found out what was going to happen if the Packers played for the right to represent the NFC in the Super Bowl.
Australian contractors kidnapped in Iraq Two Australian security contractors yesterday became the latest foreigners to be kidnapped in Iraq after militants apparently ambushed their convoy on a road outside Baghdad.
Spain #39;s  #39;Old Europe #39; connection France and Germany - united around Spain. It was an intentional contrast to the picture presented to the world 18 
Crude Oil Steady After Rising as Ivan Disrupts US Gulf Output Crude oil was little changed after rising 2.5 percent yesterday as the approach of Hurricane Ivan disrupted production and tanker shipments in the Gulf of Mexico, where a quarter of US oil and natural gas is pumped.
Bayer refit leads to US sales pact Bayer forged an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with American drug manufacturer Schering-Plough yesterday, cutting costs and marking another step in the German company #39;s transformation.
BAE adds DigitalNet to US assets BAE Systems, the UK #39;s largest defence contractor, has expanded further in the United States with the \$600m (489m) acquisition of DigitalNet Holdings, a leading IT supplier to the Pentagon.
Europe fly out on the wings of form The suspicion that the European members of the Ryder Cup team are in better current form than their American counterparts hardened into a certainty over the weekend.
Bonds arrives one short of 700 Diamondbacks manager Al Pedrique struggled with him all weekend. On Tuesday, Barry Bonds becomes the Brewers #39; problem.  quot;I wake up every morning thinking about it, quot; Brewers manager Ned Yost said.
Putin tightens grip on regions and MPs President Vladimir Putin made constitutional changes yesterday designed to increase his personal control of the regions and parliament, saying the government needed  quot;strengthening quot; because it had failed at Beslan in its fight against terrorism.
Police find embassy bomb clue Police investigating last Thursday #39;s deadly bombing outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta yesterday said they had found the chassis number of the van used to deliver the bomb.
Packers Take Early Lead Over Panthers (AP) AP - Ryan Longwell's 41-yard field goal gave the Green Bay Packers an early lead over the Carolina Panthers on Monday night.
NASA releases plan for shuttle #39;s return to flight Six months before NASA plans to return the shuttle to space, officials think they #39;ve essentially solved the problem that doomed Columbia in 2003 - debris coming off 
Putin Moves to Strengthen Kremlin's Power (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin ordered an overhaul of Russia's political system Monday, reacting to a three-week onslaught of terrorism with plans for the most extensive political shakeup since the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Techs, Miners Help Nikkei Rise 0.3 Pct  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei rose 0.3 percent by midday  on Tuesday as another jump in U.S. technology shares fueled  buying of local peers such as Tokyo Electron Ltd. and earnings  optimism again buoyed some miners.
Online Dallas university that gave cat diploma sued for fraud HARRISBURG, Pa. A Dallas area-based online university that supposedly granted a business degree to a cat was sued today for consumer fraud.
IBM Triples Transistor Performance with Germanium IBM has successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday.
U.S. Wants to Cancel Poorest Nations' Debt The move by Bush administration officials could boost America's image abroad, but institutions like the World Bank fear it could leave them strapped for cash.
Congressman to Push for Tougher Pension Rules The legislation would require companies to keep their pension plans fully funded, encourages them to put in more money, even in boom times, and removes the legal uncertainty surrounding cash balance plans.
Probe Links Pinochet,  Allbritton An internal probe of Riggs Bank's dealing with the former Chilean dictator has found that former chairman Joe L. Allbritton was more actively engaged in Pinochet's banking business than has been previously disclosed.
Lycos Pulls Anti-Spam Screensaver Lycos has officially pulled their controversial anti-spam screensaver from their website. Lycos Europes website was, until early this morning, distributing an anti-spam screensaver as part of its Make Love Not Spam campaign.
Bush Record: New Priorities in Environment The Bush administration's approach to environmental issues has challenged the status quo by revising the traditional public-policy calculus on decisions.
New Way to Turn Off Bad Genes Is Set for Testing on Human Eyes New drugs that are to be tested in connection with a phenomenon called RNA interference have excited scientists with their versatile and powerful ability to affect genes.
A Calm, but Confusing, First Day of School In dozens of schools across the city, New York City's nearly 1.1 million public school students returned for the opening of a new school year.
Sony-Led Group Agrees to Buy MGM Film Studio for \$2.9 Billion Sony Corp. and a group of investors said they #39;ve agreed in principle to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc., the movie studio controlled by billionaire Kirk Kerkorian, for \$12 a share, or about \$2.
European shares gain strength LONDON: European stock markets rallied yesterday as investors appreciated gains in New York and Asia and digested a flurry of company news.
Stocks Climb As Profit Worries Ease Another increase in oil prices due to concerns over Hurricane Ivan #39;s effect on oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico didn #39;t have a large impact on trading.
No News is Open-Source Solaris News Steven Vaughan-Nichols suggests maybe it #39;s time for Sun Microsystems to stop making announcements and focus on actually making technology.
Mozilla Nears Firefox Finale Mozilla Firefox, the open-source alternative to Microsoft Corp. #39;s dominant Web browser, is preparing for prime time with the first preview of its 1.0 release and a new marketing campaign.
Heart Hospital Embraces Digital Future St. Francis Heart Hospital in Tulsa, Okla., was built to be digital from the ground up. By Marianne Kolbasuk McGee. While many existing hospitals across the country are attempting to transform from paper-burdened 
Mets #39; Brain Trust Isn #39;t Thinking So Straight HE Atlanta Braves, who visited Shea Stadium for a doubleheader last night, have won 12 - going on 13 - consecutive division championships.
Monday #39;s AL Capsules Bruce Chen pitched his first complete game for his first victory in over two years, and Rafael Palmeiro homered during a five-run opening inning, leading the Baltimore Orioles past the Toronto Blue Jays 9-1 Monday night.
Mets 9, Braves 7 Mike Piazza and Richard Hidalgo homered, pinch-hitter Craig Brazell came through with a go-ahead double and the New York Mets rallied past the Atlanta Braves 9-to-7 today in the first game of a doubleheader.
At last, the  #39;G #39; word: US finally recognizes Sudan crisis as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For months, the United States and the rest of the world have danced maddeningly around the semantics of how to describe the situation in the Darfur region of Sudan, calling it everything from a  quot;humanitarian catastrophe quot; to  quot;crimes against humanity.
World Briefings GULF MINISTERS WANT SYRIA OUT OF LEBANON Gulf state ministers urged Syria to respect a Security Council resolution demanding that it withdraw its troops from Lebanon, a rare public intervention in the affairs of a fellow Arab nation.
Air Force Contract Has Windfall Potential Eight government contractors are readying to vie for specific task orders to update the Air Force's communication systems under an umbrella contract worth up to \$9B.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Tech Firms Ready Plan For Options The nation's biggest technology companies will present an alternative method for valuing stock options that generally would allow them to report lower expenses.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Federal Court to Hear Microsoft Appeal of Internet Explorer Case (PC World) PC World - Software giant contesting order to pay  #36;521 million in patent infringement verdict.
AT T: Reach Out and Pitch Someone The giant long-distance phone company is in an increasingly nasty feud with its competitors over fees paid on long-distance calls made with prepaid calling cards.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Cindy Skrzycki&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Ivan #39;s approach ignites energy prices Energy markets shuddered Monday with the approach of Hurricane Ivan, bidding up crude oil and natural gas prices as crews scrambled to evacuate production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
China moves closer towards a market economy Beijing. (Interfax-China) - China will speed up economic restructuring and reform and the adoption of market-based systems. Meanwhile, China will continue to maintain its open-door policies and meeting its 
8 Firms Vie for Pieces of Air Force Contract The real competition is about to begin for the eight government contractors picked to update the Air Force #39;s communication systems -- modernizing databases and giving forces in battle better 
Stocks higher as profit worries ease Stocks moved narrowly higher in early trading Monday as investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
Polar bears under threat from man-made chemicals The conservation agency World Wildlife Fund, or WWF, has warned that man-made chemicals pose a serious threat to polar bears. The WWF says three new scientific studies show 
Genesis #39; key data unbroken: NASA The solar material kept inside the Genesis space capsule, which was crashed in the Utah desert on Wednesday after two parachutes failed to open, was intact and most scientific objectives were within reach, said NASA 
Intel, Hewlett-Packard Work on Giving Internet a Fundamental &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The decades-old design of the Internet is in need of a fundamental overhaul, and Intel and Hewlett-Packard believe they can make it more adaptable and intelligent.
Federer has world playing catch-up Roger Federer was on his way out of Flushing Meadows on Sunday evening and heading back to Manhattan when a small group of excited children stopped him for his autograph.
Jose Reyes reckons Arsenal are more  #39;galactic #39; than Real Madrid Spanish giants Real are brimming with galacticos that make their team the envy of Europe. But strike whizkid Reyes reckons Arsene Wengers Invincibles are more than a match for Zidane, Ronaldo, Figo and Co when it comes to fantasy football.
Twins win 5-3 to sweep Tigers Lew Ford homered and drove in two runs to back a strong outing by Brad Radke, leading the Minnesota Twins to a 5-3 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Monday night and a sweep of the four-game series.
MLB: NY Mets 9, Atlanta 7 (1st game) Craig Brazell #39;s pinch-hit double sparked a five-run sixth inning Monday as the New York Mets beat Atlanta 9-7 in the first game of a doubleheader.
ESPN.com news services HATTIESBURG, Miss. -- Hurricane Ivan forced the postponement of Thursday #39;s football game between Southern Mississippi and California.
Buckingham Palace Batman - superhero or villain? A comic book superhero perched in a dangerous location brandishing a banner has become an increasingly common sight in recent months.
Post-Beslan Russia looks to US Russia will move aggressively into the war against international terrorism by cooperating more closely with the United States. President Vladimir Putin on Monday announced sweeping measures to beef up Kremlin 
Protesting Israeli Settlers Irk Sharon Description: Tens of thousands of Israeli settlers take to the streets of Jerusalem Sunday evening to protest Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip.
Three dead in Israeli air strike in West Bank JERUSALEM -- An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in the West Bank town of Jenin on Monday, killing three people, including a militant leader, Palestinian security officials said.
Fighting in Afghanistan kills 22 US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents in southern Afghanistan, the US military said today. The fighting occurred late Sunday in Shinkay district of Zabul province, a hotbed 
Pakistan military says 150 al Qaeda militants killed since last &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Pakistan #39;s military says it has killed some 150 foreign fighters during its 11-month battle against militants in the country #39;s tribal belt.
Kerry Rips Bush Over Assault Weapons Law (AP) AP - Democratic Sen. John Kerry on Monday accused President Bush of ducking his responsibility to protect the country from crime and terrorism by allowing a national assault weapons ban to expire.
Bush, Cheney Spar With Mock Debate Foes (AP) AP - President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have been sparring with mock-debate partners since midsummer, getting ready for Democrats John Kerry and John Edwards.
Malaysia reports new bird flu outbreak (AFP) AFP - Malaysia has detected a new outbreak of bird flu in a village in northeast Kelantan state, the sixth to be hit by the deadly virus in a month, officials have announced.
AL Wrap: Ford, Radke Help Twins Sweep Tigers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lew Ford homered and drove in a pair  of runs and Brad Radke pitched seven strong innings to lead the  streaking Minnesota Twins to a 5-3 road win over the Detroit  Tigers in American League action on Monday.
Sony Group Agrees to Buy MGM  PHILADELPHIA/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony  Corp. of America on Monday agreed to buy Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$2.85 billion in cash to mine  MGM's lucrative library for the booming DVD market.
Techs, Miners Help Tokyo Market Advance  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei rose 0.3 percent by midday  on Tuesday as another jump in U.S. technology shares fueled  buying of local peers such as Tokyo Electron Ltd., while  earnings optimism again buoyed some miners.
Dollar Treads Water as U.S. Data Awaited  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar shuffled in narrow ranges on  Tuesday as the market looked to U.S. economic indicators due  later in the day for clues about the pace of monetary  tightening.
NL Wrap: Marlins Rally to Beat Expos in Chicago  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Juan Pierre had three hits and scored  a run as the Florida Marlins overcame the Montreal Expos 6-3 in  a National League game played at the rival league Chicago White  Sox's home stadium Monday.
Circuit City Gets Online Makeover (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - If you build it, or in the case of Circuit City's Web site, re-build it, they won't necessarily come. So, to ensure visits to the new CircuitCity.com, the electronics retailer yesterday started rolling out a multimedia push that promotes a "Plasma Screen TV Makeover" online contest that carries a grand prize of five flat-screen TVs and home-theater equipment worth  #36;20,000.
North Korea Wants Talks, No Date Yet -- Britain  BEIJING (Reuters) - North Korea is committed to holding  six-party talks aimed at resolving the crisis over its nuclear  weapons program, but has not indicated when, a top British  official said on Tuesday.
Royals Rout Yankees 17-8 (AP) AP - John Buck hit a three-run homer and Angel Berroa had two hits and scored twice in a 10-run fifth inning that carried the Kansas City Royals to a 17-8 rout of the New York Yankees on Monday night.
Packers Lead Panthers 10-7 at Halftime (AP) AP - Ahman Green ran for a 6-yard touchdown late in the second quarter to give the Green Bay Packers a halftime lead over the Carolina Panthers on Monday night.
Macy #39;s name to go on all Federated stores As goes Liberty House will go Lazarus and Burdines. Federated Department Stores has decided to rebrand all of its stores as Macy #39;s stores in coming months.
Quattrone Asks Appeals Court To Seal Some Support Letters NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Former star technology banker Frank Quattrone has asked a federal appeals court to seal some letters written in his support in order to protect his family #39;s privacy.
Open-Source Developers Cheer New Linux Base Standard The Free Standards Group will announce on Tuesday the availability of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, and that this standard has the support of almost all global Linux distribution vendors.
McAfee Aims to Rid SMBs of Virus and Spam If you rely on technology to run your small business, you know how easily a virus can destroy your data - and potentially years of hard work.
 #39;Open Source Solaris #39; to debut this year Sun Microsystems will create an open-source project around its Solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said Monday.
Soccer / Champions League / Mac. TA confident as injury and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Maccabi Tel Aviv will hold a short training session tonight as it concludes preparations for tomorrow #39;s Champions League Rosh Hashanah clash with Bayern Munich.
Baltimore #39;s Bruce Chen shuts down Blue Jays for first victory &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Bruce Chen #39;s last major league victory was so long ago, he can barely remember it. But he won #39;t soon forget his latest win.
Putin takes more control in Russia VLADIMIR PUTIN strengthened his control over Russia yesterday with a series of far-reaching initiatives aimed at combating terrorism.
UN Pulls Workers From Afghan City The United Nations evacuated 38 foreign employees from this western Afghan city Monday after a day of rioting by supporters of the ousted governor turned 
Lack of hostage news  #39;encouraging #39; IT WAS a good sign that those claiming to have kidnapped two Australians in Iraq had not released the names of their alleged hostages, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
Netanyahu Calls for Gaza Plan Referendum (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's attempt to speed up a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip was undercut Monday by his main political rival, who called for a national referendum that could delay or even scuttle the pullout.
Galapagos Park Rangers Go on Strike (AP) AP - Some 300 Galapagos Islands rangers peacefully occupied park research stations Monday to protest the reported firing of the park director and his probable replacement.
Jakarta embassy bombers not among the nine victims: police (AFP) AFP - Police investigating the deadly attack at the Australian embassy in Jakarta have said they have identified all nine victims of the blast and are still working to piece together the suicide bombers.
Players' Fears Rising Baseball players and their families have become increasingly concerned about theft and kidnapping in Venezuela after the recent abduction of Ugueth Urbina's mother.
Chen's Drought Ends Pitcher Bruce wins for the first time in over two years, leading the Orioles past the Toronto Blue Jays, 9-1, Monday.
No. 4 B-CC Rebounds The Bethesda Chevy-Chase field hockey team recovers from two losses on Saturday to beat Whitman, 2-1, Monday.
 #39;Open Source Solaris #39; to debut this year BURLINGTON, Mass.--Sun Microsystems will create an open-source project around its Solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said Monday.
Guantanamo witnesses barred Guantanamo inmates cannot appear as witnesses at the trial of 9/11 suspect Zacarias Moussaoui.
Time Warner: Lights, Camera, Inaction It stopped its MGM bid -- again -- citing financial discipline. But even if Sony buys the studio, problems may emerge down the road.
F.D.A. Finds Drugs Linked to Suicide Top officials acknowledged for the first time that antidepressants appeared to lead some children to become suicidal.
After Hong Kong Election, China Faces New Calculus The Chinese government refrained on Monday from saying much about the results of Sunday's elections in Hong Kong, but the country's Communist leaders had reason to be pleased.
U.N. Pulls Workers From Afghan City The United Nations evacuated 38 foreign employees from this western Afghan city Monday after a day of rioting by supporters of the ousted governor turned half a dozen international aid facilities into smoldering, looted ruins.
The Incredible Lightness of Being OPEC From a distance, this OPEC meeting will look just like all the others of the past few decades. By the evening of Sept. 14, the oil ministers of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and their entourages 
Will Disney keep key partnerships? LOS ANGELES Without Michael Eisner at the helm of Walt Disney, will Harvey Weinstein and Steve Jobs stay as partners? That is the question on the minds of analysts and Hollywood executives after Eisner, the 
Linux Group Promotes Standard Version which has been making headway with companies and governments -- potentially face headaches if the open-source operating system fragments into differing and incompatible versions.
Open, closed, whatever: Novells mixed source software THERES open source software (OSS), theres what Novell Inc chief technology officer Alan Nugent calls closed source - meaning proprietary -oftware, and then theres Novells own mixed-source software.
U.S.: High Oil Price Due to Supply Fears  MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Supply and demand in the oil market  are roughly in balance at the moment and current high prices  are due to the possibility of disruptions rather than any  shortage, a U.S. official said on Tuesday.
After many flops, Arsenal eyes domination in Europe Captain Patrick Vieira has challenged his Arsenal teammates to prove their Champions League credentials in tonight #39;s opening group game against PSV Eindhoven.
Champions League to provide upsets Europe #39;s top coaches may like to be seen to disagree with each other in public, but they are all united on the topic of this season #39;s Champions League.
Howe twists in the wind In recent weeks, the question of Art Howe #39;s firing by the Mets has always been more about when the ax would fall, not if, and even the manager seemed resigned to his fate before last night #39;s doubleheader against the Braves at Shea Stadium.
When Edwards Needed Him the Most, Martin Was There On offense, two of the Jets #39; top three receivers - Wayne Chrebet and Santana Moss - had seemingly spent more time in the trainer #39;s room than they had on the practice field.
Putin appoints new government chief of staff Moscow: President Vladimir Putin stepped up Kremlin control over Russia #39;s regions Monday and called for moves to improve security in the north Caucasus as he appointed a new government chief of staff after the Beslan school hostage tragedy.
Small Business Optimism Still Strong  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. small business optimism dipped  slightly last month but remained near record levels, suggesting  a strong outlook for growth, a survey released on Tuesday  showed.
OmniVision gets boost from shipments to Siemens NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of OmniVision Technologies (OVTI) rose more than 8 percent to \$13.13. The move comes after the Sunnyvale, Calif.
Sorting Out The Winners if US Airways Doesn't Survive US Airways' second trip to bankruptcy court holds both promise and peril for the nation's other major airlines.
An Outsider's Grim Prognosis for Pension Agency Most big companies are coming up with enough cash to keep their pension funds legally sound, after three years of extraordinary losses. Not so their government backstop.
Sony-Led Group Makes a Late Bid to Wrest MGM From Time Warner A group led by Sony of America reached a tentative agreement to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$4.8 billion in cash, snatching it from Time Warner at the 11th hour.
US Airways Tries to Reorganize for a 2nd Time The airline, whose workers refused to accept \$800 million in wage and benefit cuts, joins United Airlines in bankruptcy. Delta could soon follow.
Stocks End Slightly Higher as Profit Worries Ease Investors discounted another technology profit warning and focused instead on positive outlooks for third- and fourth-quarter earnings.
Karzai Set to Be Afghan President in Ring of Steel (Reuters) Reuters - Hamid Karzai was due to be sworn in as\Afghanistan's first popularly elected President on Tuesday at a\ceremony attended by two of the figures most responsible for\easing him into power.
Sony jumps on MGM after Time Warner drops bid A Sony-led group has a deal in principle to buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$2.94 billion in cash and \$1.95 billion in assumed debt, MGM (MGM) announced Monday evening.
Dual-Core Chips May Raise Software Costs Faced with weak demand for PCs and technical limits on the speed of its products, Intel is betting on a future in which every chip it makes contains what amounts to two computers.
Intel: The Internet Needs an Upgrade Intel Chief Technology Officer Pat Gelsinger said on Thursday, Sept. 9, that the Internet needed to be upgraded in order to deal with problems that will become real issues soon.
Kiely on hand to save the day for Addicks CHARLTON goalkeeper Dean Kiely produced a fine performance at The Valley last night - his stunning save from Southampton #39;s Rory Delap #39;s second-half screamer was right out of the top drawer - while some swift reactions also bailed the Addicks out of 
The Dead Cat Bounces  a Bit The Labor opposition had its first positive bounce in the third week of the campaign for the Australian election on October 9. First, last week it launched its long awaited taxation policy.
South Korea Says to Pin Down Nature of North Blast  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is seeking independent  verification on the nature of a huge blast in North Korea last  week, which its communist neighbor has said was linked to a  hydroelectric scheme, Seoul's defense minister said on Tuesday.
Japan Executes Man Who Killed 8 Schoolchildren  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan on Tuesday hanged a man convicted  of stabbing to death eight elementary school children in a  rampage that shocked the nation and severely shook its sense of  security, media said.
Royals Rout Yankees Angel Berroa has two hits and scores twice in a 10-run fifth inning that carries the Kansas City Royals over the Yankees, 17-8.
Federated betting on Macy #39;s name In a widely anticipated move, Federated Department Stores Inc. announced yesterday that it would convert all of its regional department stores to the Macy #39;s name.
A Hedge Fund Master Receives Unwanted Attention na tough year on Wall Street, Israel A. Englander should be riding high. His \$3.5 billion in hedge funds are up more than 8 percent - at a time when the stock market is barely up for the year.
IBM Makes Speech Code Open Source IBM #39;s motive is not altruistic. By making the software open-source, IBM hopes that other programmers will make improvements, thus speeding the development of speech applications and allowing 
Federer is the first since Sampras to truly be king NEW YORK - Wouldn #39;t you know it. On Monday, Roger Federer awoke from three hours of fitful sleep feeling sick. His nasal passages were almost as congested as Times Square, where he spent part of the morning 
Lomu coming back to full health It was a tragic sight. Jonah Lomu, once the man who struck fear into rugby defenders, shuffling to the stage with the aid of his wife.
Packers 24, Panthers 14 Green ran for two touchdowns and caught a third Monday night to lead the Green Bay Packers to a 24-14 victory over the Panthers, who became the sixth straight team to lose in the Super Bowl and their ensuing season opener.
Indian software exports booming, industry head says Revenues should grow by 30, according to the president of the country's association of software and service firms
Oil Prices Surge as Ivan Threatens Gulf of Mexico the sixth strongest hurricane ever recorded in the Atlantic -- was 70 miles south-southeast of the western tip of Cuba around 2 pm on Monday.
Small Business Optimism on Economic Growth Drops, Survey Shows Small businesses were less optimistic about US economic growth last month than in July, and fewer expected sales to increase in the coming months, according to a survey by the National Federation of Independent Business.
NFL Game Summary - Green Bay at Carolina Charlotte, NC (Sports Network) - Ahman Green scored three touchdowns, Brett Favre passed for 143 yards and Green Bay took advantage of two key second- half turnovers to win its season opener, 24-14, over the defending NFC champion Carolina Panthers.
Ferrari still able to astonish Even in the most one-sided Formula One season in years, champions Ferrari still have the ability to astonish. Their eighth one-two finish in 15 races was met 
Rockies rock Diamondbacks 9-2 Vinny Castilla reached 300 career homers and 1,000 RBIs with two of Colorado #39;s five home runs Monday night, and the Rockies hammered the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-2.
4-on-4 league debuts if no NHL The NHL lockout starts just after midnight Thursday. On Friday night, there will be a chance to see NHL players in action -- if you #39;re willing to trek to Barrie, Ontario.
No deadline for Iran #39;s nuclear probe: UN UN nuclear chief Mohamed ElBaradei said yesterday that there was no deadline for ending an investigation into Iran #39;s nuclear programme.
No names is good news: PM IT WAS a good sign that those claiming to have kidnapped two Australians in Iraq had not released the names of their alleged hostages, Prime Minister John Howard said today.
South Korea Says to Pin Down Nature of North Blast (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea is seeking independent\verification on the nature of a huge blast in North Korea last\week, which its communist neighbor has said was linked to a\hydroelectric scheme, Seoul's defense minister said on Tuesday.
Three Hurt in West Bank Suicide Blast - Medics (Reuters) Reuters - A suicide bomber exploded near a West\Bank checkpoint hurting at least three people on Tuesday, an\Israeli medic said.
Green's Three Touchdowns Lifts Packers Over Panthers (Reuters) Reuters - Ahman Green scored three touchdowns\and rushed for 119 yards as the Green Bay Packers opened their\season with a convincing 24-14 win over the Carolina Panthers\in Charlotte on Monday.
Small Business Optimism Still Strong (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. small business optimism dipped\slightly last month but remained near record levels, suggesting\a strong outlook for growth, a survey released on Tuesday\showed.
U.S. Readies Revised UN Resolution on Sudan's Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - The United States is expected to\distribute on Tuesday a revised version of its U.N. resolution\on Sudan, but retain a threat of sanctions if Khartoum does not\stop atrocities in its Darfur region, diplomats said.
U.S.: High Oil Price Due to Supply Fears  MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Supply and demand in the oil market  are roughly in balance and current high prices are due to the  possibility of disruptions rather than any shortage, a U.S.  official said on Tuesday.
Three Hurt in West Bank Suicide Blast - Medics  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A suicide bomber exploded near a West  Bank checkpoint hurting at least three people on Tuesday, an  Israeli medic said.
U.S. Readies Revised UN Resolution on Sudan's Darfur  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The United States is expected to  distribute on Tuesday a revised version of its U.N. resolution  on Sudan, but retain a threat of sanctions if Khartoum does not  stop atrocities in its Darfur region, diplomats said.
Explosion at West Bank roadblock A suspected suicide attack injures three in the West Bank, a day after an Israeli missile kills a senior militant.
Urgent review over Palace protest A Royal security review starts after a protester's Batman stunt at Buckingham Palace sparks a Commons row.
Delving Deep Inside the Searcher's Mind Which search engines do searchers prefer and why? How do users use search engines to find the information they want? And how do searchers perceive paid versus free listings? New research offers insights into the workings of the searcher's mind.
Ex-Banker Asks Appeals Court to Seal Letters Frank P. Quattrone, the former chief technology banker at Credit Suisse First Boston who was sentenced to 18 months in prison last week, accused the judge in his case yesterday of callousness 
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Oracle (nasdaq: ORCL - news - people ) will report fiscal first-quarter results. Analysts polled by Thomson First Call expect quarterly earnings of 9 cents per share on revenue of \$2.
Enron to pay \$321 million in pensions Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) will pay \$321 million from the proceeds of its sale of its pipeline arm to fund pension plans for thousands of former 
Langer hails team spirit Europe #39;s Ryder Cup captain Bernhard Langer has emphasised the strength of his players #39; team spirit ahead of Friday #39;s first day.
Lockout, Olympics have possible connection If a lockout ends up canceling the season, it probably also means NHL players won #39;t participate in the 2006 Olympics in Turin, Italy.
Urgent review over Palace protest Police and Home Office officials have begun an urgent review of security measures after a protester dressed as Batman scaled Buckingham Palace.
Bomb Explodes at Israeli Checkpoint An explosion at a West Bank checkpoint early Tuesday lightly wounded at least three people, Israeli rescue services said. Israel Radio reported the explosion appeared to be caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber.
Jakarta embassy bombers not among the nine victims: police JAKARTA : Police investigating the deadly attack at the Australian embassy in Jakarta have said they have identified all nine victims of the blast and are still working to piece together the suicide bombers.
Australia firm on Iraq troops Prime Minister John Howard has stood firm against withdrawing troops from Iraq after unconfirmed reports that two Australians have been taken hostage and would be killed within 24 hours unless Canberra pulls out.
U.S. Company Hiring Seen Up from Year Ago (Reuters) Reuters - The pace of hiring for U.S. companies\in the fourth quarter is expected to be consistent with the\solid employment activity of the past six months, and much\improved from a year ago, according to Manpower Inc. .
Report: Unicom to Set Up Internet Cafes (AP) AP - China's second-largest mobile phone company plans to open 3,000 Internet cafes by the end of the year, exerting stronger state control over a sector once dominated by private enterprise, state-run radio reported Tuesday.
Open-Source Developers Cheer New Linux Base Standard (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The Free Standards Group's updated standard will improve Linux code portability and interoperability, developers say, and reduce the worry of platform fragmentation.
Pakistan killed around 150 Al-Qaeda militants since last year (AFP) AFP - Pakistan has killed some 150 foreign fighters during its 11-month battle against militants in the country's tribal belt, but senior leaders, including Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden, continue to elude authorities, a military spokesman has said.
Sony Group Agrees to Buy MGM  LOS ANGELES/TOKYO (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony Corp.  of America has agreed to buy Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$2.85 billion in cash to mine  MGM's lucrative library for the booming DVD market.
Oil Eyes \$44 as Hurricane Nears Gulf  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - U.S. oil prices hovered just shy of  \$44 a barrel on Tuesday, awaiting the arrival of Hurricane Ivan  in the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico, where energy companies had  evacuated thousands of offshore workers and shut some  production.
U.S. Company Hiring Seen Up from Year Ago  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The pace of hiring for U.S. companies  in the fourth quarter is expected to be consistent with the  solid employment activity of the past six months, and much  improved from a year ago, according to Manpower Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MAN.N&lt;/A&gt;.
Bush Is Expected  At NASCAR Race While NASCAR officials reject the "NASCAR dads" label -- too narrow and stereotypical, they say -- politicians haven't stopped courting the demographic that once threatened to become the soccer moms of 2004.
Maryland Picks Up Notre Dame Transfer Isaiah Gardner , a sophomore defensive back, is on campus at Maryland and will transfer to the school from Notre Dame once his paperwork clears.
Ivan intensifies terrible hurricane year for insurers The 2004 hurricane season is expected to be costly for insurers, with early estimates of \$8bn (4.5bn) of losses from just one of the storms that have hit the United States this year.
Marlins soar to  #39;home #39; win The Florida Marlins ignored their unusual surroundings to record a 6-3 win over the Montreal Expos on Monday. Hurricane Ivan forced the Marlins to play the match at Chicago White Sox #39;s home stadium, the first 
US, Russia secretly remove uranium from Uzbekistan (AFP) AFP - The United States and Russia carried out a secret operation last week to remove weapons-grade uranium from the former Soviet republic of Uzbekistan, whose government is facing growing Islamist unrest, the Energy Department announced.
Israel's Sharon Vows to Expel Arafat (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed in an interview published Tuesday to expel Yasser Arafat from the West Bank "at a convenient time," saying he saw no difference between the Palestinian leader and top Hamas militants killed by Israel.
Packers Go Right to Top in Their Bid for N.F.C. Supremacy Running back Ahman Green scored three touchdowns, two rushing and one on a pass from quarterback Brett Favre.
Bankrupt US Airways Faces Cash Peril US Airways Group Inc. president and chief executive Bruce Lakefield is determined that the airline will emerge from its second bankruptcy filing in two years in stronger shape than ever.
Suzuki to manage Maruti #39;s diesel engine mfg plant Maruti Udyog Ltd. said on Tuesday that the Directors have approved a proposal that the forthcoming Diesel Engine Manufacturing Plant will be controlled and managed by Suzuki Metal India Ltd (proposed to be 
Bayer leads Europe stocks higher European shares edged higher at Monday #39;s opening led by Germany #39;s Bayer on news of an alliance with US healthcare giant Schering-Plough.
Judge lets airline tap loan for operations A bankruptcy judge gave US Airways Group Inc. permission yesterday to tap a government loan to fund daily operations -- a move expected to allow 
Oil Eyes \$44 as Hurricane Nears Gulf US oil prices hovered just shy of \$44 a barrel on Tuesday, awaiting the arrival of Hurricane Ivan in the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico, where energy companies had evacuated thousands of offshore workers and shut some production.
Say bon voyage to Bon March name Two women on the seventh floor were already decorating Christmas trees, and another employee guessed that the holiday star would crown the building at Third Avenue and Pine Street, just like every year before.
Schering-Plough lands quartet of Bayer drugs Fred Hassan has launched his biggest and most ambitious move to rebuild struggling Schering- Plough. The Kenilworth company and German drug maker Bayer yesterday announced an alliance that 
Hiring seen improving a bit Some area employers expect to maintain a steady hiring pace during the fourth quarter of 2004, according to a survey released yesterday by Manpower Inc.
Nation #39;s Cotton Crop May Exceed Records This year #39;s cotton crop is on pace to be the largest in US history, although hurricanes that have battered the nation in the past few months may reduce the final amount.
A statistical nod to cubicle workers They are defined as waitresses or accountants, software publishers or garbage collectors. Some pull in top dollar, some the minimum wage.
Gateway to cut back selling electronics; to focus on core PCs Gateway said yesterday it is backing away from selling TVs and other consumer electronics - essentially shelving the strategy that founder Ted Waitt championed for two years to turn the money-losing company around.
County #39;s jobless rate dives in August San Diego County #39;s unemployment rate plunged sharply to 3.7 percent in August - its lowest point this year -s the local economy continued to outpace the state and nation as an engine of job growth.
Free Standards Group Announces General Availability Of Linux &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Free Standards Group, a nonprofit organization dedicated to developing and promoting open source software standards, today announced the availability of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, an essential component for the long-term market success of Linux 
Microsoft snubbed on Sender ID SOFTWARE KING Microsoft #39;s anti-open source obsession seems to have killed chances of its anti-Spam Sender ID getting accepted by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) as a standard.
NEC announces fault tolerant four-way server NEC Solutions has announced a four-way, high-availability server it #39;s pitching to enterprises as, among other things, the hardware to host virtual systems such as those made possible by Microsoft #39;s upcoming Virtual Server 2005.
Symantec launches antiphishing service Symantec is fishing for dollars with a new service designed to help companies combat the ongoing epidemic of online identity theft, or  quot;phishing, quot; scams.
HELP LINE Q: Recently I have been told by friends that when they try to send me e-mail they get a message that my inbox is full and their message could not be delivered.
Downtime set to increase IT #39;S MYSTIC MEG, the Gartner Group is predicting that system downtime will increase from five per cent this year to 15 per cent in 2008 due to security holes.
Roger Federer wins US Open 2004 of Switzerland holds up his trophy after defeating Lleyton Hewitt of Australia in the men #39;s final match of the 2004 US Open in New York, September 12, 2004.
US eliminated in Champions Trophy SOUTHAMPTON, England - The US cricket team is heading home after two humbling defeats in the Champions Trophy that set records for futility.
Super letdown sinks Panthers The Green Bay Packers dealt the Carolina Panthers a defeat now familiar to Super Bowl losers. Ahman Green ran up, down, and all over the 
FOOTBALL: FIFA CLAIMS LIFT CAHILL HOPES EVERTON midfielder Tim Cahill could win a reprieve within the next 48 hours after a dramatic intervention from FIFA over his controversial dismissal.
All bets are off for Lefty, Casey After being considered as a captain #39;s pick for the 2002 Ryder Cup, Paul Casey wasn #39;t about to let an opportunity slip away when he was paired with European captain Bernhard Langer in the final round of this year #39;s Masters.
Nevin cleans up In losing 20 of 38 games, including six of eight to start this month, the Padres blew several chances to keep the Los Angeles Dodgers close to them going into a September showdown between the two.
Defending champ Gambill falls in Delray Beach Delray Beach, FL (Sports Network) - Defending champion Jan-Michael Gambill of the United States was upended by Croatian Mario Ancic during first round action of the International Tennis Championships on Monday.
Rangers #39; relief pitcher throws chair at Oakland fans OAKLAND, Calif. -- Texas reliever Frank Francisco threw a chair at a fan in a lower box to the left of the Rangers #39; bullpen along the right-field line in the ninth inning against the Oakland Athletics on Monday night.
Wisden Cricinfo Sabina Park survived the onslaught of Hurricane Ivan with only minor damage, according to a report on the caribbeancricket.com website.
Putin calls for elimination of elections for key posts Portraying it as a means of combating terrorism, Russian President Vladimir Putin yesterday outlined a plan to eliminate popular elections of governors and individual 
 quot;Batman quot; intrudes Buckingham Palace Father #39;s rights campaigner Jason Hatch, dressed as Batman, waves to crowds as he protests on a ledge to the right hand side of the main balcony of the Buckingham Palace in London, Sept.
Hostage claims remain unconfirmed There is still no confirmation of reports that two Australians working as security guards in Iraq are being held hostage by Islamic extremists.
Accused acquitted of Bali bombings The man accused of harbouring two men convicted of involvement in the Bali nightclub bombings has been acquitted by Indonesia #39;s Supreme Court.
Calm returns to Herat after weekend #39;s violence The western Afghan city of Herat was calm yesterday following bloody clashes between supporters of the powerful ousted governor and US and Afghan forces sent to keep the peace.
Blast in Baghdad Rebel District Kills at Least 35 A huge blast tore through a crowded Baghdad market close to a police station on Tuesday and Reuters witnesses said at least 35 people were killed.
Saboteurs blow up pipeline in north Iraq Saboteurs blew up a domestic oil pipeline in northern Iraq on Tuesday, sending plumes of smoke leaping into the sky and forcing technicians to shut it down, officials said.
Lomu looks to the future Jonah Lomu has not targeted next year #39;s Sevens World Cup in Hong Kong for his comeback but admitted he still harbours dreams of playing for his country again.
US kills 22 militants in Afghanistan KABUL, AFGHANISTAN -- US troops and helicopter gunships killed 22 militants, including three Arab fighters, in southern Afghanistan, the military said Monday -- the latest bloodshed ahead of historic Afghan elections.
Canon, Toshiba to Form Flat Panel Display Venture (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese technology companies Canon Inc.\and Toshiba Corp. said on Tuesday they would invest  #36;1.82\billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel\displays.
Angels Clobber Mariners 5-1 (AP) AP - Kelvim Escobar pitched seven strong innings and Garret Anderson hit a three-run homer, leading the Anaheim Angels to a 5-1 win over the Seattle Mariners on Monday night.
Carolina WR Smith Breaks Left Fibula (Reuters) Reuters - Carolina wide\receiver Steve Smith was carted off the field Monday night\after breaking his left fibula during the Panthers' 24-14 loss\to Green Bay.
European Shares Dip (Reuters) Reuters - European stocks eased slightly on\Tuesday with firmer oil prices weighing on sentiment, but\British clothing retailer Next was an early winner after it\defied a rainy summer to beat first-half profit forecasts.
Australian business confidence dips as survey shows growth still strong (AFP) AFP - Australian business confidence fell slightly in August amid signs the central bank is set to hike interest rates before year's end, according to a National Australia Bank (NAB) survey.
McAfee Launches Managed Mail Security Service (TechWeb) TechWeb - McAfee introduces a multi-function managed e-mail service for small- and mid-sized businesses.
Angel.com Releases Hosted IVR Suite (TechWeb) TechWeb - Enterprise Voice Sites allows businesses to build and deploy pre-packaged IVR solutions on a pay-as-you-go usage model.
Sony Group to Buy MGM  LOS ANGELES/TOKYO (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony Corp.  of America has agreed to buy Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for about \$2.85 billion in cash to mine  MGM's lucrative library for the booming DVD market.
Telestream Unveils Windows Media 9 Series Encoding Support For Mac (TechWeb) TechWeb - Telestream announced Friday support for exporting or importing files in the Microsoft Windows Media format on Mac OS X platforms.
Bush Wants  #36;3.1 Billion for Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - With many lawmakers eager to help their own regions, Congress is unlikely to act as quickly on President Bush's latest request for hurricane aid as they did on his first package.
Political Ads Tailored to Local Issues (AP) AP - In West Virginia mine country, television ads say President Bush has "broken his promise to invest in coal." In Wisconsin, voters see spots saying the factory state "has lost 84,000 manufacturing jobs" under the Republican. And Florida's large retiree population gets a commercial that claims Bush's policies have "banned Americans from buying low-cost drugs from Canada."
Barrage of Hurricanes May Just Be Florida Normality (Reuters) Reuters - Sorry Florida. This is normal.
Metcash surprises with bid for Foodland chain Metcash Trading, Australia #39;s largest grocery wholesaler, has made a surprise A\$846m (US\$661m) takeover bid for the local operations of Foodland Associated, the country #39;s third largest 
Bush Wants  #36;3.5B to Boost Iraq Security (AP) AP - The Bush administration wants Congress' permission to shift nearly  #36;3.5 billion of the  #36;18.4 billion in Iraqi reconstruction aid to security and faster economic growth, documents submitted to lawmakers show.
US Company Hiring Seen Up from Year Ago The pace of hiring for US companies in the fourth quarter is expected to be consistent with the solid employment activity of the past six months, and much improved from a year ago, according to Manpower Inc.
All Windows E-Mail Clients Suck com. As I write this column, I #39;m trying to send an important e-mail. I #39;ve got Microsoft Outlook open in another window. Every once in a while, I Alt-Tab over to that window to see if the little hourglass has gone away.
West Bank Suicide Bomber on Bike Wounds 2 Soldiers  QALQILYA, West Bank (Reuters) - A Palestinian suicide  bomber on a bicycle blew up at a West Bank crossing on Tuesday,  wounding two Israeli soldiers, the Israeli army said.
US, Europe trade officials to discuss Airbus-Boeing dispute US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dispute over subsidies to Airbus and Boeing are expected to be on the agenda as the new commissioner of the European Trade Union, Peter Mandelson, and his counterpart from the United States, Robert Zoeller, started discussions Monday.
Sox will fight to the finish for division Maybe this is all you need to know about the determination on Yawkey Way to overtake the Yankees in the American League East: Nearly a month before the regular season ends, Red Sox starters were told to prepare to wage an all-out effort in the four-game series that ends the season in Baltimore.
A scorer changes on the fly With the National Hockey League about to place itself into suspended animation tomorrow, Joe Thornton is destined to become a captain without a team.
Yankees are left with double vision John Buck hit a three-run homer and Angel Berroa had two hits and scored twice in a 10-run fifth inning that carried the Kansas City Royals to a 17-8 rout of the New York Yankees last night.
China reports soaring oil imports China's booming economy has fuelled a 40 jump in crude oil imports so far this year, official figures show.
Home fun in Chicago Sammy Sosa homered for the first time in more than two weeks and Derrek Lee drove in three runs to lead the Cubs to a 7-2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates last night in Chicago.
Notables The previous NL game in an AL ballpark was in 1946, when the Boston Braves played several games at Fenway Park because a paint job on the seats at Braves Field had not dried, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.
Devil Rays thumbnails at Fenway Park Records: Boston is 86-56 (second in the AL East); Tampa Bay is 61-80 (fourth in AL East). Tonight (7:05, NESN, WEEI): LHP Scott Kazmir (1-1, 5.62) vs. RHP Pedro Martinez (16-5, 3.44). Tomorrow (7:05 p.m., NESN, WEEI): RHP Dewon Brazelton (6-7, 4.33) vs. RHP Tim Wakefield (11-9, 4.64). Thursday (7:05 p.m., NESN, WEEI): LHP Mark Hendrickson (8-14, ...
Turnaround in the cards? It will be hot, but not hostile. It will be a long trip, and there will be no shortcuts as the Patriots prepare for the Arizona Cardinals, who under Dennis Green may not win 10 games but may not lose 10, either.
One way to take heat off Though he is never one to make much of the elements his team must play in, Bill Belichick must be somewhat concerned about the desert heat he will face in Tempe Sunday, because he will take the Patriots to Arizona Thursday after practice to get them acclimated.
Griffin, Broncos on the run again Quentin Griffin took off the middle, broke left to daylight and juked past a defender before racing into the end zone.
Matters of great import The hybridization of European soccer might have improved the game on the continent, but it is also highlighting the lack of emphasis on player development.
Finnish line: They don't feel pressure The focus here the last couple of days has been on the health of Canada goalie Martin Brodeur and whether his jammed left wrist would be healed enough for him to suit up tonight at the Air Canada Centre for the World Cup of Hockey championship game against Finland.
BC-UConn meeting is a misdirection play There is symbolism in the matchup: two Big East teams, each moving into a new neighborhood, opening up their conference schedule.
UMass, UNH on the rise Two decisive victories last Saturday vaulted the universities of Massachusetts and New Hampshire into the top 10 in the latest Division 1-AA football poll.
Hawk one-ups himself It turns out Richard Awa was just warming up when he scored a hat trick in Waltham's first game this season.
American hits the airwaves With its major competitors mired in a struggle for financial survival, American Airlines yesterday kicked off a multimillion-dollar advertising campaign aimed at grabbing market share and capitalizing on its own turnaround.
Back in the game Norton Reamer, a man with a third act, is back in business. Reamer, once the head of Putnam Investments and later the founder of United Asset Management Corp. in Boston, is in charge of a new company aimed at financing private money-management firms. Asset Management Finance Corp. pitches a new spin on an old concept that once built his UAM ...
2 gas plants needed for N.E. At least two of the roughly dozen liquefied natural gas plants proposed for New England and eastern Canada must get built by 2010 to ensure New England has adequate supplies of gas for heating and power generation, President Bush's top energy regulator said yesterday.
Hiring seen improving a bit Jobless workers in Boston with the right skills could find employment soon. Some area employers expect to maintain a steady hiring pace during the fourth quarter of 2004, according to a survey released yesterday by Manpower Inc. The outlook is brightest in wholesale and retail trade, education, and public administration.
OPEC's influence may be waning As OPEC's leaders prepare to discuss oil price and output targets amid strong demand, analysts wonder whether the cartel's influence has waned at a time when producers outside the cartel such as Russia and Norway are gaining clout.
Cricket: Pakistan v Kenya Inzamam-ul-Haq promises Pakistan will treat Kenya "very seriously" in their game at Edgbaston on Tuesday.
A rose is a rose -- except when it's a stereo speaker The therapeutic power of flowers takes on new meaning with a Japanese gadget that turns plants into audio speakers.
Pair urges Disney CEO search The leaders of the effort to oust Michael Eisner as chief executive of Walt Disney Co. have called on the company's board to reject Eisner's offer to retire in 2006 and his pick of president Robert Iger as his successor.
A naming-rights offer writ small Corporate donors who couldn't afford to pony up millions a year to affix their brand names to Gillette Stadium or the FleetCenter might consider this: For a mere \$200,000, they can now buy the naming rights to a performance studio at a Worcester radio station.
Krispy Kreme quarterly report delayed Shares of Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. fell yesterday after the company said an independent auditor refused to sign off on its second-quarter financial statement until an outside law firm hired by the company's board performed additional work.
Short-term T-bill rates mixed Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$18 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 1.640 percent, up from 1.635 percent last week. An additional \$16 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 1.840 percent, down from 1.860 percent.
Monster in the house Tanned bodies sway to an intense Latin beat on a sticky night at Pravda 116. Here, the rakish clientele knows its house music almost as well as it knows the new Versace fall line. And tonight it likes what it hears.
University entry overhaul backed Students should be able to make their university applications after their A-level results, says an official report.
Europe lines up for TV innovation High-definition television is set to take off in Europe in the coming year, say TV executives.
Royal approval for Woman in White Prince Charles attends the premiere of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musical Woman in White.
In Ivan's path, destruction, fear SAN JUAN Y MARTINEZ, Cuba -- Continuing its deadly rampage through the Caribbean, Hurricane Ivan swept across the famed tobacco-growing region of southwestern Cuba yesterday, packing 160-mile-per-hour winds and gigantic waves and churning a path toward the Gulf of Mexico.
US jets attack suspected militant site BAGHDAD -- US warplanes unleashed devastating airstrikes on a suspected hideout where operatives from an Al Qaeda-linked group were meeting yesterday, and hospital officials said 20 people died.
Sharon rival backs referendum on Gaza pullout JERUSALEM -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's attempt to speed up a withdrawal from the Gaza Strip was undercut yesterday by his main political rival, who called for a national referendum that could delay or even scuttle the pullout.
Up to 10,000 in Sudandie monthly, WHO says GENEVA -- As many as 10,000 refugees from Sudan's Darfur region are dying from disease and violence every month in the teeming camps where they have taken refuge, UN health agency officials said yesterday. European Union foreign ministers called yesterday for the United Nations to ''immediately investigate quot; whether atrocities by the government-backed ethnic Arab militias against the region's black African ...
Despite guilty plea in Belfast slaying, public inquiry sought LONDON -- The Protestant paramilitary fighter accused in the slaying of Patrick Finucane, a crusading Catholic civil rights lawyer gunned down in his Belfast home 15 years ago, pleaded guilty to murder and other charges in the case yesterday.
Old pro Torigian settles in to second act He has the look of Mr. Everyman in retirement. He wears slacks and a sweater, nothing formal, and welcomes a midday guest to his two-story Peabody house, nothing pretentious, though a comfortable step up from the three-decker of his youth. He relaxes on a couch and, pointing to the window, describes how he can walk easily to the homes of ...
Italy envoy aims to free 2 hostages in Iraq KUWAIT CITY -- Foreign Minister Franco Frattini of Italy appealed for a  quot;civilized dialogue quot; between religions as he stood inside Kuwait's Grand Mosque at the start of a Middle East visit he hopes will help win the release of two Italian women kidnapped in Iraq.
Website video said to show beheading of kidnapped Turk CAIRO -- A videotape purporting to show the beheading of a Turkish truck driver kidnapped last month in Iraq surfaced yesterday on the website of an Al Qaeda-linked militant group.
Turkey is warned of more attacks ISTANBUL -- A suspected leader of a cell accused in deadly suicide attacks in Turkey boasted yesterday that he was an ''Al Qaeda warrior quot; and warned in court of future attacks if Turkey continues to support the United States.
N. Korea snubs N-test speculation SEOUL -- An explosion that shot a 2-mile-wide mushroom cloud into the sky was the planned demolition of a mountain for a hydroelectric project, North Korea said yesterday, and it invited a British diplomat to visit the site.
OPEC May Weigh Cutting Some Production Oil prices have been at record highs this year, with money gushing into the coffers of oil producers thanks to the world #39;s growing thirst for oil.
Fight For your Right to Induce! \\Tomorrow I'll be making 3 phone calls to Congressperson Nancy Pelosi, John\Conyers and Senator Thomas Daschle to convince them that the INDUCE act should\not pass.\\This is of course in support of the Save the Betamax campaign  designed to\stop Hollywood in their tracks.\\"The short version: We're organizing a call-in day to Congress on September 14\to oppose new legislation that would undermine the Betamax decision (INDUCE\Act)."\\"Here's why: The Betamax VCR died more than 15 years ago, but the Supreme Court\decision that made the Betamax and all other VCRs legal lived on. In Sony\vs. Universal (known as the Betamax decision) the Court ruled that because VCRs\have legitimate uses, the tech ...\\
Finnish line: They don #39;t feel pressure The focus here the last couple of days has been on the health of Canada goalie Martin Brodeur and whether his jammed left wrist would 
Packers dominate both sides of the line Entering the inaugural Monday night outing of 2004, conventional wisdom was that the Green Bay Packers would need a supreme effort to come here and defeat the defending 
Americans impassive entering Ryder Cup America should be an overwhelming favorite in the Ryder Cup golf matches that begin Friday on Detroit #39;s Oakland Hills course that Ben Hogan once called a monster.
Vote shakes Hong Kong democrats For Hong Kong #39;s democracy activists, the results of legislative elections announced yesterday suggest that the deck will remain stacked against them for years to come.
Dar Al Hayat The United States and Russia have met over one common thing: their war on terrorism, despite the fact that Washington and Moscow will definitely argue that the terrorism each one is fighting is different from the other.
LAVER: FEDERER SLAM THREAT Rod Laver never has thought it until now. The Australian lefty #39;s legacy as the last man to win a Grand Slam is in jeopardy. Roger Federer, whose US Open title Sunday gave him three out of the 
Time to Test China and Russia One key difference between John Kerry and George Bush often cited in the presidential campaign is how each would enlist other nations in battling terrorists.
Suicide bomber wounds two soldiers in West Bank A Palestinian suicide bomber has blown himself up at a checkpoint in the West Bank, wounding at least two Israeli soldiers. The blast is being described as a revenge attack for an earlier Israeli airstrike 
Critics Call for Early Ouster of Disney Chief Roy E. Disney, a nephew of Walt Disney, and his financial adviser, Stanley P. Gold, called on directors of the Walt Disney Company to search for a successor for Michael 
Techs build on Friday #39;s gains NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Tech stocks rallied anew Monday, with the Nasdaq closing just shy of its session high, as investors sought bargains in the beaten-up sector for the second straight session.
Macy #39;s name to supplant Burdines Synonymous with Florida retailing for 106 years, the Burdines name will be retired by the end of January. By MARK ALBRIGHT, Times Staff Writer.
French Connection sticks by FCUK Fashion chain French Connection says it is sticking with its controversial FCUK brand, after announcing a 12 percent increase in first-half profits.
Tech investors see sunnier days ahead Optimism that the embattled technology sector was ripe for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher yesterday, despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company Broadcom Inc.
Firefox becomes one today THE MAKERS of the free open source browser Firefox are expected to release version 1.0 today. Although it will technically be a preview release, with the full 1.0 version hitting the web in about a month #39;s 
Stardust memories Who would have thought that stardust, the stuff of fairy tales and popular songs, could actually be collected on metal plates. It sounds funny, but this is no laughing matter.
Canon, Toshiba to Form Flat Panel Display Venture  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese technology companies Canon Inc.  and Toshiba Corp. said on Tuesday they would invest \$1.82  billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel  displays.
National pride buoys underdog Finns for final TORONTO - Signs of national pride were laid out carefully across Finland #39;s dressing room yesterday. A pair of Finnish flags hung from the ceiling and two more were fastened to the walls.
Lockout threat looms over World Cup final As hard as the numerous NHL players gathered here tried to maintain focus on tonight #39;s World Cup of Hockey final, it was impossible to ignore the larger issue rumbling through their midst.
James Toney Breakdowns Hopkins/De La Hoya 13.09.04 - Three-division world champion and current #1 WBC heavyweight contender James Toney, deep into preparations for his September 23 bout with Rydell Booker at the Pechanga Resort and Casino in Temecula, California, is a man who doesnt mince 
Not enough focus on nuclear threats As the International Atomic Energy Agency #39;s board met yesterday in Vienna to receive an update on the nuclear programs of North Korea 
Threat to Australia continues Australian officials have been investigating unconfirmed reports that an Iraqi group has captured two Australian security workers in Iraq.
Marlins rally past Expos as home team _ in Chicago  quot;If you got to play in Comiskey or if we got to play in Alaska, it doesn #39;t matter, quot; starting pitcher Josh Beckett said.
Hopkins rich in his own way Bernard Hopkins has been called the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world. He is boxing #39;s first undisputed middleweight champion since  quot;Marvelous quot; Marvin Hagler in 1987 and has won an unprecedented 18 consecutive title defenses.
Gambill #39;s slump worsens Delray Beach  A return to one of his favorite and most successful ATP Tour stops wasn #39;t enough to stop Jan-Michael Gambill #39;s slide.
Darfur peace talks due to resume Talks to try to resolve the Darfur crisis are due to resume on Tuesday, amid warnings the world is not giving enough financial aid to the refugees.
Australia Firm on Troops After Iraq Hostage Report (Reuters) Reuters - Australian Prime Minister John Howard\remained committed on Tuesday to the U.S.-led war on Iraq as\investigations continued into an unconfirmed report that two\Australians had been taken hostage and threatened with\execution.
Pension Agency May Go Broke by 2020 (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. government agency that\insures corporate pensions will run out of money in 2020 if\current financial conditions persist, imperiling the checks of\millions of retirees, a new independent study shows.
Britain's Rusedski ousts Malisse at ATP event (AFP) AFP - Britain's Greg Rusedski eliminated Belgium's fourth-seeded Xavier Malisse 7-5, 4-6, 6-1 here on the opening day of the 380,000-dollar ATP International Championships.
Car Bomb Blast Kills 27 in Iraq (AP) AP - A car bomb exploded near a police station in the Iraqi capital early Tuesday, killing at least 27 people and wounding dozens, officials said.
U.S. Fighter Jet Crashes Near Australia (AP) AP - A U.S. fighter jet crashed near the Tindal Royal Australian Air Force base in northern Australia on Tuesday, the Australian Defense Force said.
Pension Agency May Go Broke by 2020  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. government agency that  insures corporate pensions will run out of money in 2020 if  current financial conditions persist, imperiling the checks of  millions of retirees, a new independent study shows.
Australia Firm on Troops After Iraq Hostage Report  CANBERRA (Reuters) - Australian Prime Minister John Howard  remained committed on Tuesday to the U.S.-led war on Iraq as  investigations continued into an unconfirmed report that two  Australians had been taken hostage and threatened with  execution.
Court: U.S. Can Try to Execute Moussaoui WASHINGTON - An appeals court ruled Monday for a second time that the government can seek to execute Zacarias Moussaoui, the only U.S. defendant charged with a role in the al-Qaida conspiracy that led to the Sept...
Tempting art students into gaming A Scottish university project is trying to persuade art students to consider a career in the games industry.
Sony bags MGM film biz for 4.8B The Japanese electronics giant struck an agreement to buy the fabled movie studio yesterday after rival Time Warner dropped out of the race.
NEC Four-Way Server Supports High-Availability Apps NEC Solutions America #39;s new four-processor Express5800/340Hb is designed for data-center applications, server consolidation, and server virtualization.
Wild game in Oakland spoiled by altercation with fans Texas reliever Frank Francisco needed just one dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back-and-forth game with a playoff atmosphere.
Over 35 killed in car bombing at Baghdad police station More than 35 people were killed when a car bomb exploded at a police station and recruitment center in Haifa Street in central Baghdad, witnesses said.
Mounting pressure on Khartoum by our Internet desk, 14 September 2004. The European Union has renewed its threat of sanctions against the Sudanese government unless it takes action to disarm Arab militias threatening refugees in the western Darfur region.
Sony captures legendary Hollywood studio The deal marks the last chapter in the history of two of Hollywoods most famous names - Metro Goldwyn Mayer, once best known for its musical hits like Singing in the Rain and its subsidiary, United Artists, the studio founded in 1919 by Charlie 
Quattrone battling trial judge Frank Quattrone, who was sentenced to 18 months in prison last week, accused the judge in his case of  quot;callousness quot; for revealing his 15-year-old daughter #39;s emotional disorder and asked an appeals court to seal letters from family and friends seeking 
Packers Beat Panthers 24-14 in Monday Night Opener (Update1) Ahman Green scored three touchdowns as the Green Bay Packers beat the defending NFC champion Carolina Panthers 24-14 on the road in the first Monday Night Football #39; #39; game of the season.
Leave it to Mets to also ax the candidates Art Howe, a good man, solid baseball man, but, at the same time, a dead man walking, was a sound bite of  quot;no comment quot; last night at Shea as he faced the media hordes, grilling him on the report in yesterday #39;s editions of the Daily News that had him fired 
Baghdad blast kills at least 35 At least 35 people have been killed in a huge blast in a crowded Baghdad market place close to an Iraqi police station, Reuters witnesses say.
Fallujah may not vote in Iraqi elections, Allawi says Portions of Iraqs Sunni minority who live in the more rebellious population centers may be disenfranchised, US-installed interim Prime Minister told The Australian in an exclusive interview.
But Where Is the Hurricane Going? Hurricane science in the new century is a mix of growing skill and persistent uncertainty, of intuition and algorithms, satellites and erasers.
Dj Vu: If It All Seems Familiar, There May Be a Reason New research has opened a promising window on the phenomenon of dj vu, providing both possible explanations for the sensation and novel ways to create and measure it.
The Right Ear Is From Mars In a new study, scientists have found that the left and right ears process sound differently.
Preserving an Old-Forest Wilderness at the Ends of the Earth From the ruins of a failed logging venture in Chile's Tierra del Fuego, an effort to manage and preserve the world's southernmost old-forest wilderness is about to begin.
Japanese corporate bankruptcies in August fall for 20th month in row (AFP) AFP - The number of Japanese corporate bankruptcies in August fell 18.2 percent from a year earlier to 1,080 cases, marking the 20th consecutive monthly decline,  according to a research firm.
UK Palace 'Batman' Prompts Urgent Security Review  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain promised an urgent security  review at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday after a campaigner  dressed as Batman evaded armed police in a dramatic five-hour  protest at Queen Elizabeth's London residence.
Transactions BASEBALL Baltimore (AL): Placed 1B David Segui on 15-day disabled list. Colorado (NL): Recalled P Chin-hui Tsao from Colorado Springs (PCL). Oakland (AL): Purchased C Mike Rose from Sacramento (PCL); designated INF Ramon Castro for assignment. San Diego (NL): Recalled OF Freddy Guzman, C Humberto Quintero and P Brian Sweeney from Portland (PCL). Texas (AL): Activated P Juan Dominguez; placed ...
NESN hopes new show is a highlight NESN takes a natural programming step Monday when it launches a nightly version of  quot;Sports Desk, quot; the 15-minute news and highlight show that's been airing from 5-9 a.m. since March 1991.
Oil Platforms in Gulf Make Ready for Ivan Description: With Hurricane Ivan approaching, oil companies evacuate hundreds of oil workers from drilling platforms in the Gulf of Mexico.
US Judge Casts Doubt on EU Evidence on Oracle A US judge has cast doubt on European Commission evidence in the contested Oracle-PeopleSoft merger, undermining an argument Brussels may want to use if it decides to block it.
Vivendi Universal reports big loss in second quarter French media giant Vivendi Universal reported a second quarter net loss of 1.852 billion euros (2.3 billion dollars), six times larger than the 313-million-euro shortfall in the same period last year.
The Choice on the Deficit BOTH PRESIDENTIAL candidates want you to think they have a serious plan to deal with the budget deficit. President Bush and Democratic nominee John F. Kerry each promise to cut it in half in the next several years.
MUNICH, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept 13, 2004-- Le nouveau &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The product, which has the smallest active area foot print in the industry (4 mm(2)), has ultra low power consumption of only 350mW, and exceeds XFP Rev.
Dixon finishes 7th Joliet, Illinois: New Zealander Scott Dixon finished seventh at the Delphi Indy 300 motor race yesterday. Dixon, the defending IRL champion, started the race 14th on the grid in his Target-Ganassi Toyota and 
FA chiefs consider reprieve for Cahill TIM CAHILL could escape suspension for his controversial dismissal at Manchester City after pressure mounted on the FA and Premier League referee chiefs to rescind his second bookable  quot;offence quot;.
Rout leaves Yanks #39; lead at 3 Royals gain control with 10-run 5th Against a nothing-to-lose team such as the Kansas City Royals, the Yankees #39; manager wanted his team to put down the hammer early and not let baseball #39;s second worst team believe it had a chance.
North Korea explains powerful blast with mountain demolition After several days of speculation, North Korea said on Monday the 4-kilometer (2 miles) wide cloud spotted on satellite images by South Korea #39;s Yonhap agency was the result of a deliberate demolition of a mountain for a power plant.
Bomb Threats Mar Start of Indonesia Election Campaign Bomb scares marked the start of campaigning for Indonesia #39;s presidential run-off on Tuesday, five days after a suicide attack on the Australian embassy, but bread and butter issues appeared uppermost in voter #39;s minds.
IBM Covets Half of China Business Computer Market (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\is reaping the rewards of a decade-long push into China's\business computer industry and is eyeing upward of a 50-percent\market share, its country head said.
ElBaradei Says Unclear if Iran Nuke Plans Peaceful (Reuters) Reuters - It is unclear if Iran's nuclear\ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm\evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as\Washington asserts, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Tuesday.
Vivendi Net Loss Up (Reuters) Reuters - Vivendi Universal on Tuesday reported a\sharply wider half-year net loss of 1.86 billion euros ( #36;2.28\billion), hit by currency translation losses linked to its\entertainment deal with NBC, but its SFR cell phones unit\boosted profits at the operating level.
Nikkei Back at Level Before Weak Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei rose 0.38 percent on Tuesday  as another jump in U.S. tech shares lured foreign investors to  their Japanese peers and other exporters such as Honda, while  earnings optimism again buoyed some miners.
ElBaradei Says Unclear if Iran Nuke Plans Peaceful  VIENNA (Reuters) - It is unclear if Iran's nuclear  ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm  evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as  Washington asserts, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said on Tuesday.
online.ie Sinn Fin president Gerry Adams tonight gave his backing for a plan to revive power-sharing in Northern Ireland. The party confirmed that at a meeting of senior Sinn Fin leaders in Belfast, Mr Adams said 
Australia defies Iraq kidnap claim Australia's PM says he will not negotiate with terrorists who claim to have taken two Australians hostage.
3 blasts in Spain after ETA threat At least three bombs have exploded in central areas of Spanish cities, according to the Spanish interior ministry following a warning by the Basque separatist group ETA.
IBM Covets Half of China Business Computer Market  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  is reaping the rewards of a decade-long push into China's  business computer industry and is eyeing upward of a 50-percent  market share, its country head said.
Vivendi Net Loss Up Vivendi Universal on Tuesday reported a sharply wider half-year net loss of 1.86 billion euros (\$2.28 billion), hit by currency translation losses linked to its entertainment 
Ivan Hits 11th Country on Caribbean Cruise Towards US One of the fiercest Hurricanes ever has passed the western edge of Cuba on its way towards the United States. Hurricane Ivan and its 260 kilometre an hour winds toppled power lines, uprooted trees and caused extensive flooding across Cuba.
From: Tom Maheras, Head of Global Capital Markets, GCIB In August, our European government bond trading desk executed an innovative transaction that sought to access the liquidity in the European government bond markets.
Clothing Helps Lower Inflation Consumer Prices Index inflation, the Governments target measure, fell to 1.3 per cent in August, down from 1.4 per cent in July.
IETF Decides On SPF / Sender-ID issue Zocalo writes  quot;The MARID working group at the IETF responsible for deciding on which extensions to SMTP will be used to try and prevent spoofing of the sender has made their decision.
Intel urges others to join PlanetLab Consortium Intel Corporation has touted what it says are significant changes that need to be made to the Internet #39;s architecture to make it safer, more useful, reliable and accessible.
Microsoft makes music mobile moves Microsoft continues its battle to dominate digital music distribution, with news it plans to make its music services available to mobiles before Apple does.
Xignal releases XFI interface design for 10G XFP modules September 13, 2004 Nashua, NH--Xignal Technologies (Munich) is releasing its intellectual property for a 10-Gbit/sec CMOS XFI interface for signal conditioner ICs in XFP transceiver modules.
Everton Football Club midfielder set for reprieve? Everton Football Club midfielder Tim Cahill could get the red card he received at the weekend rescinded. The Australian was shown two yellow cards by referee Steve Bennett, the second one dished out following 
4 of a kind for 1st-place Twins, 5-3 On Monday afternoon, Tigers owner Mike Ilitch praised Ivan Rodriguez #39;s leadership. In the fourth inning Monday night, Rodriguez showed plenty of it.
North Korea Talks May Be Victim of U.S. Election (Reuters) Reuters - Hopes for a September round of\six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear crisis were\evaporating on Tuesday as Pyongyang hinted it was awaiting the\outcome of the U.S. presidential race.
On Fed Payroll, Hackers Seek to Save America (Reuters) Reuters - Jason Larsen types in a few\lines of computer code to hack into the controls of a nearby\chemical plant. Then he finds an online video camera inside and\confirms that he has pumped up a pressure value.
Europe Arrives With Ryder Cup in Tow (AP) AP - Bernhard Langer walked off the plane and cleared customs with his right fist wrapped tightly around the Ryder Cup trophy.
Sony Closer to Content/Gadget Vision with MGM Deal (Reuters) Reuters - With its acquisition of Hollywood film\studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony Corp is one step closer to its\vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key\battle for the next generation DVD.
Blast in Baghdad Rebel District Kills at Least 47 (Reuters) Reuters - A huge explosion tore through a crowded\market close to the west Baghdad police headquarters on\Tuesday, killing at least 47 people in the deadliest single\attack in the capital in six months.
Lewis confident Williams can take title from Klitschko LAS VEGAS, United States (AFP) - Former heavyweight world champion Lennox Lewis is confident that British compatriot Danny Williams can defeat Ukrainian big man Vitali Klitschko here Saturday and win the World Boxing Council crown.
Saudi Resist OPEC Quota Increase (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC is keeping its foot to the pedal on\production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be\reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official\output limits, Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday.
Florida Week Always Brings Excitement (AP) AP - As a freshman from Mississippi, defensive end Parys Haralson didn't know much about Tennessee's rivalry with Florida.
Eyeing Downturn, Chip Makers Trim Equipment Buying (Reuters) Reuters - The semiconductor industry is showing\the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw\materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry\executives and analysts said on Tuesday.
EU Commission approves Repsol's acquisition of Shell Portugal assets (AFP) AFP - The European Commission said it had approved the acquisition by Spain's Repsol YSF of most of the Portuguese products and businesses belonging to Anglo-Dutch oil giant Shell.
In cyberspace, new rules for your r #233;sum #233; (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Once upon a time, r #233;sum #233;s were traditionally delivered by a postman. But in the age of e-mail, where information flows as quickly as electricity, they mostly travel across the Internet.
Chain Store Sales Increase Slightly (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales increased\slightly in the latest week, due in part to Labor Day sales and\back-to-school shopping, a report said on Tuesday.
'THX': Young film geniuses at work (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - The newly restored THX 1138 arrives on DVD today with Star Wars creator George Lucas' vision of a Brave New World-like future.
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at St. Louis (8:10 p.m. EDT). Roger Clemens (16-4) starts for Houston against Jeff Suppan (15-6) and the major league-leading Cardinals.
Vodafone Weighs on European Shares (Reuters) Reuters - European shares sagged on Tuesday as\broker downgrades hit mobile phone operator Vodafone  and two\of its peers, but UK clothing retailer Next shone on news of\strong summer sales.
Peace talks for Sudan's Darfur halted again as deadlock continues (AFP) AFP - Peace talks between the Sudanese government and Darfur rebel leaders broke up in deadlock once again, barely 10 minutes after delegates returned to the table following a three-day pause.
Kiprusoff Leads Finland in World Cup Final (AP) AP - Miikka Kiprusoff is carrying the weight of a small European country aching for athletic success.
Pier 1 Second-Quarter Profit Falls (Reuters) Reuters - Home-furnishings retailer Pier 1\Imports Inc.  on Tuesday said quarterly profit fell more\than 40 percent as sluggish sales and heavy discounts to lure\shoppers took their toll.
Philippoussis Withdraws From Davis Cup (AP) AP - Injured Mark Philippoussis has withdrawn from Australia's Davis Cup team for the World Group playoff against Morocco later this month.
FDA Approves Lens Implant to Sharpen Sight (AP) AP - There's a new option for people who suffer from extreme nearsightedness, whose world loses its crisp edge just a few inches from their noses. The first implantable lens for nearsightedness was approved Monday by the Food and Drug Administration.
Nuclear Test in North Korea? On September 11, the South Korean news agency Yonhap reported a huge blast and a 2.5 mile diameter mushroom cloud in North Korea 6 miles southwest of Yongjori Missile Base...on Thursday.
Stocks to Watch  ORACLE CORP. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;:
U.N. Agency to Study Environment in Iraq (AP) AP - Scientists will begin investigating environmental "hot spots" in Iraq as part of a long-term strategy to clean up the country after ten years of war and instability, the U.N. Environment Program said Tuesday.
A Phone Number For Life Competition in the market for voice services is prompting telecom providers to find new ways to attract and keep customers. RNKVoIP, a division of RNK Telecom, unveiled on Monday a plan to offer 
Oil Climbs as Ivan Approaches U.S.  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Tuesday as  Hurricane Ivan charged toward the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico,  where energy companies had evacuated thousands of offshore  workers and shut some production.
Saudi Resist OPEC Quota Increase  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC is keeping its foot to the pedal on  production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be  reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official  output limits, Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday.
Japan Battered as Asian Typhoons Take Unusual Turn (Reuters) Reuters - Trees bent over sharply in angry winds,\rain lashing empty streets, and mammoth waves battering\breakwaters -- all scenes that have been commonplace in Japan\this summer, the worst typhoon season on record.
Brazil Scrambles to Save Its Disappearing Savanna (Reuters) Reuters - Brazil launched an emergency\plan on Friday to save what remains of its vast tropical\savanna, much of which has been cleared for farming in recent\decades.
Chain Store Sales Increase Slightly  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. chain store sales increased  slightly in the latest week, due in part to Labor Day sales and  back-to-school shopping, a report said on Tuesday.
Vivendi Net Loss Widens  PARIS (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal posted a near doubling  in its first-half net loss to 1.86 billion euros (\$2.28  billion) on Tuesday, hit by currency translation losses linked  to its entertainment deal with NBC, but cellphone unit SFR  boosted profits at the operating level.
Euro Slips After ZEW, Dollar Awaits Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The euro slipped against the dollar and  yen on Tuesday after weaker-than-expected German investor  confidence data, while the dollar was soft ahead of U.S. data,  seen key for interest rate expectations.
IBM Tools Give Developers an Assist IBM announced Monday a set of offerings from its Virtual Innovation Center for Hardware, including  quot;how-to quot; guides and a solution sizing toolkit, all aimed at helping the company #39;s business partners build and deploy applications on IBM technology.
Blast in Baghdad Rebel District Kills at Least 47  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A huge explosion tore through a crowded  market close to the west Baghdad police headquarters on  Tuesday, killing at least 47 people in the deadliest single  attack in the capital in six months.
Blair to Press on Climate Change, Challenge Bush  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will pledge Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.
Sharon Says Rejected U.S. Bid for Talks with Syria  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  poured cold water on Tuesday on recent international efforts to  restart stalled peace talks with Syria, saying there was "no  possibility" of returning to previous discussions.
Hopes rise for Alitalia rescue Talks between Alitalia and the unions were continuing on Tuesday as hopes rose of staving off bankruptcy at Italy's troubled national airline.
Arsenal keeper Lehmann: I #39;ve done nothing wrong Goalkeeper Jens Lehmann has revealed he didn #39;t expect to be dropped on Saturday by Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger.  quot;Arsene said I did not look the freshest to him.
Oil price up on hurricane fears World crude prices rise amid fears that oil supplies from the Gulf of Mexico could be disrupted by Hurricane Ivan, and as saboteurs strike a pipeline in Iraq.
Volvo in worldwide vehicle recall Volvo recalls 460,000 vehicles worldwide because a wiring problem could cause  fans to overheat and burn.
Sony Corp. acquires MGM Studios for \$5 billion MUMBAI: It has been a long-running drama and it is Japanese electronics giant Sony Corp that has come out the winner at the end of it.
Report: Weinsteins Looking to Stay with Disney Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who founded and run Walt Disney Co. #39;s Miramax Films unit, are now looking for a way to stay within the Disney fold, the New York Post said on Tuesday, citing no sources.
Bayer seeks to find remedy with US alliance BAYER has formed an alliance for its struggling pharmaceuticals business with American drug-maker Schering-Plough. Drugs and chemicals group Bayer, which is in the midst of restructuring its business, said 
UK inflation rate falls Britain #39;s inflation rate dropped to 1.3 in August as lower clothing prices helped to keep it well below the Bank of England #39;s target, official figures showed today.
Macy #39;s supplants venerable names The Lazarus nameplate, a fixture on the retail landscape for 153 years, is coming off department store signs, joining Shillito #39;s as a defunct brand.
Survey: Region job outlook among tops in US Job opportunities in Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky are expected to be among the best in the country during the last three months of 2004, according to a national survey of businesses and other employers by Manpower Inc.
Citigroup Regrets Bond Trades That Led to UK Probe (Update2) Citigroup Inc., the world #39;s largest bank, apologized for a series of European government bond trades last month that caused prices to fall and prompted an investigation by UK regulators.
Feds reopen probe of Honda CR-V fires NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The federal government is again looking at why the Honda CR-V compact sport/utility vehicle sometimes catches fire after an initial oil change, according to a published report.
17,000 Enron pension holders to get paid in full Nearly 17,000 Enron pension plan holders will see their benefits paid, thanks to pressure from the federal government #39;s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
Yukos saga gives pause to foreign investors in Russia: IMF &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOSCOW : The Russian government #39;s assault on oil giant Yukos is a source of concern that could impact foreign investment in the country, a senior International Monetary Fund official warned.
Linux standard adds C support The Free Standards Group (FSG) has revealed details of its Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, a specification aimed at preventing Linux fragmentation.
Eyeing Downturn, Chip Makers Trim Equipment Buying The semiconductor industry is showing the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry executives and analysts said on Tuesday.
Microsoft #39;s spam plan rejected Attempts to fight spam by identifying e-mails have hit problems over Microsoft #39;s involvement in the process. The Internet Engineering Task Force, an international standards body, has rejected Microsoft #39;s contribution to the so-called Sender ID proposal.
An Ergonomic, Wireless Keyboard and Mouse Set The Wireless Optical Desktop Comfort Edition, with its mildly arced keypad, allows for easy typing while providing some relief for your wrists.
SD in the cards for Nokia &lt;a href="http://news.zdnet.co.uk/hardware/mobile/0,39020360,39166545,00.htm"&gt;Nokia gives SD cards its blessing&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;ZDNet.co.uk&lt;/nobr&gt;
Microsoft blows into Florida with Visual Studio 2005 Microsoft ignored the apocalyptic weather threatening Florida yesterday to unveil the beta version of its Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition at the VSLive!
Virus writers add network sniffer to worm Virus writers have grafted a network sniffer into the latest variant of the SDBot worm series. So far there are no reports of SDBot-UH in the wild but the inclusion of selective network sniffing along with 
The world in your palm com September 14, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Speech recognition  #39;on-a-chip #39; inside three years The US National Science Foundation has awarded a \$1m grant to researchers in the US who want to put speech recognition on a chip, a move the project #39;s proponents claim will revolutionise the way we communicate.
Apple vs Apple:  #39;mind boggling #39; pay-out imminent - report Apple Corp. and Apple Comp. - aka the Beatles and the maker of the Mac - are reported to be on the verge of ending their legal dispute over the latter #39;s right to operate in the music market.
New Worm Installs Network Traffic Sniffer A new worm whose payload includes the SDBot trojan tries to install a  quot;sniffer, quot; seeking to use infected computers to capture login and banking information for other computers on the same network.
Packers spank Panthers Ahman Green, the Green Bay running back who long has stood in the shadow of his more famous quarterback, made a compelling case before a crowd of 72,000 and a national TV audience.
Rangers Player Breaks Female Fan #39;s Nose OAKLAND, Calif. -- What fan would expect to go a baseball game and get hit by a chair thrown into the stands by a player? That #39;s what happened in Monday night #39;s 7-6 win by Oakland over Texas in 10 innings.
Trophy #39;s minnows sink without trace Goliath and his like have had a bad press over the years. But the Champions Trophy is doing all it can to leave us feeling sorry for the big fella and looking forward to the day when David slings his hook.
McIlroy stars for Europe Holywood #39;s Rory McIlroy has helped get Ryder Cup week off to a great start by playing in Europe #39;s win over their US counterparts in the junior event.
Weather prompts change for Cal By STAFF WRITER.  quot;We #39;ve had concerned parents calling all day long, quot; said Tedford.  quot;Not to mention the aftermath and destruction of something going through (Mississippi).
MLB: San Diego 9, Los Angeles 7 Phil Nevin belted two homers and drove in four runs Tuesday to lead San Diego past the Los Angeles Dodgers 9-7. Shawn Green hit two home runs for the Dodgers, who lead the National 
 #39;Batman dad is no threat #39; A FATHER who scaled the walls of a Cardiff court dressed as superhero Robin said the Buckingham Palace protester posed no threat. Fathers 4 Justice activist Jim Gibson, who earlier this year staged an eye-catching 
Powell says WMD may not be found in Iraq US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Monday that weapons of mass destruction (WMD) may not be found in Iraq, while both Iraq and the United States expect the 
Hundreds Rally in Turkey Against Criminalizing Adultery Hundreds of demonstrators marched in Turkey #39;s capital Tuesday to protest proposed legislation to make adultery a crime. A crowd of about 500, mostly women, marched from Ankara #39;s central square to parliament 
Arab League FMs consider pressure on Syria to quit Lebanon Arab foreign ministers faced the divisive issue of Syria #39;s role in Lebanon when they met here Tuesday, a day after Gulf states and Jordan endorsed a UN call for Syria to withdraw its troops from Lebanon.
Japan Says Latest Infected Cow Won #39;t Affect BSE-Testing Review A new case of mad cow disease in Japan won #39;t affect a review of domestic cattle-testing procedures, said Chikara Sakaguchi, the nation #39;s health minister.
Saboteurs blow up pipeline junction in northern Iraq Saboteurs blew up a junction where multiple oil pipelines cross the Tigris River in northern Iraq on Tuesday, sending plumes of smoke leaping into the sky, officials said.
Ivan clips Cuba, roars toward US Packing sustained winds of 160 mph and whipping up monstrous waves, Hurricane Ivan #39;s eye brushed Cuba #39;s sparsely populated western tip yesterday and barreled north toward the US Gulf Coast.
Compensation package approved for Gaza settlers Israel #39;s Security Cabinet has approved a compensation package for Jewish settlers who will be removed from the Gaza Strip under the government #39;s pull-out plan.
US strike kills 15 Iraqis Meanwhile, Italy #39;s foreign minister, Franco Frattini, arrived in Kuwait on an 11th-hour mission to win the release of two Italian women hostages kidnapped by Islamist militants last week.
Troops sent to protect China dam China is reported to have sent heavily armed troops to protect its huge Three Gorges Dam against terrorist attack.
Many Beslan victims gravely ill Fifty victims of the Beslan school siege remain in a serious condition in Moscow hospitals.
New fertility treatment 'closer' Women may be able to have unfertilised eggs routinely frozen during fertility treatment rather than just embryos after research.
Microsoft's spam plan rejected Internet engineers are unhappy with Microsoft's plans for tracing where e-mails come from.
Sick sent home in Nigeria strike Some 60 psychiatric patients are released by a hospital in north-western Nigeria after nurses went on strike.
Pakistan shells Waziristan school Pakistani troops attack a religious school in South Waziristan thought to house foreign al-Qaeda suspects.
Jab linked to multiple sclerosis People immunised against hepatitis B are at increased risk of multiple sclerosis, a study shows.
ElBaradei says unclear if Iran nuclear plans peaceful  quot;Have we seen any proof of a weapons programme (in Iran)? Have we seen undeclared (uranium) enrichment? ... Obviously until today.
North Korea Talks May Be Victim of US Polls Hopes for a September round of six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear crisis were evaporating on Tuesday as Pyongyang hinted it was awaiting the outcome of the US presidential race.
2 Soldiers Wounded in Palestinian Suicide Bombing in West Bank The Israeli army says two soldiers were injured when a Palestinians suicide bomber blew himself up at a West Bank checkpoint early Tuesday.
HK democrats vow to fight for universal suffrage By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Hong Kong Correspondent Roland Lim. HONG KONG : Hong Kong #39;s democrats have vowed to continue to push for Beijing to grant universal suffrage to the territory, despite their disappointing showing in Sunday #39;s local elections.
Sony unveils Wi-Fi multimedia Cli #233; Big OLED screen, 802.11b, slick design, long-running battery...
Learn Solaris Systems Programming &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on this thorough reference
Myopic Congress lacks spyware focus &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; I (don't) SPY with my little eye
Sosa Homers As Cubs Club Pirates 7-2 CHICAGO - Sammy Sosa homered for the first time in more than two weeks and Derrek Lee drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 7-2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Monday night.    Moises Alou and Neifi Perez also homered for the Cubs, who pulled within a half-game of idle San Francisco in the NL wild-card race...
Expert: GPS in Peterson Case Had Glitches REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - Satellite navigation devices used to track Scott Peterson's car after his wife's disappearance sometimes developed glitches, once indicating he was driving 30,000 mph, an expert in the technology acknowledged Monday at Peterson's murder trial...
Ivan Lashes Cuba With 160 Mph Winds PINAR DEL RIO, Cuba - Whipping winds and walloping waves lashed western Cuba and the communist country's tobacco-growing region Monday, as Hurricane Ivan strengthened to a Category 5 storm - the most powerful - and barreled along on a new course toward the U.S. Gulf Coast...
Evacuations for Ivan Urged on Gulf Coast PENSACOLA, Fla. - Rather than roll the dice on where 160-mph Hurricane Ivan might strike, Gulf Coast residents from Florida's Panhandle all the way to the bayous of Louisiana spent Monday boarding up their houses, tying up their boats and making plans to evacuate...
On Fed Payroll, Hackers Seek to Save America  IDAHO FALLS, Idaho (Reuters) - Jason Larsen types in a few  lines of computer code to hack into the controls of a nearby  chemical plant. Then he finds an online video camera inside and  confirms that he has pumped up a pressure value.
Sony Closer to Content/Gadget Vision with MGM Deal  TOKYO (Reuters) - With its acquisition of Hollywood film  studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony Corp is one step closer to its  vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key  battle for the next generation DVD.
Eyeing Downturn, Chip Makers Trim Equipment Buying  TAIPEI (Reuters) - The semiconductor industry is showing  the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw  materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry  executives and analysts said on Tuesday.
Sony-Led Group to Buy MGM in \$2.9B Deal The agreement to aquire the venerable Hollywood studio and its valuable film library was reached after Time Warner Inc. dropped out of the bidding.
Test of Missile Defense System Delayed Again The Pentagon's last hope of flight-testing critical new elements of an antimissile system, before activating the system this autumn, appeared to vanish with the disclosure that the next flight test has been postponed.
Gateway Shifts Back to Personal Computers &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Franklin Paul&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Gateway Inc. &lt;GTW.N&gt; on Monday said it\would return to its roots as a personal computer company,\backing off on an aggressive strategy of expanding into TVs,\digital cameras and other gadgets in a move to return to\profitability.&lt;/p&gt;
Microsoft Corp. and Polycom Inc. Team Up Microsoft Corp. and conferencing technology maker Polycom Inc. are teaming up to develop ways for people using PCs and other devices to hold virtual meetings with those using more traditional conferencing equipment.
Micropower 'could fuel UK homes' Household-scale renewable energy schemes could provide power for many British familes, conservationists say.
Howard's way is a delicate green The UK Conservative Party has some challenging environmental policies, though there are several glaring gaps.
47 dead in Baghdad market blast At least 47 people were killed at a Baghdad market today in an explosion that was believed to have been targeted at a nearby police station.
Wired for security McAfee CEO George Samenuk looks beyond PCs to stave off marauding viruses in new areas, including 3G phones.
The world in your palm New CDMA-GSM phones are hitting the market. Are they a niche device for business travelers or a bombshell set to rattle the wireless industry?
Broadband needs a nonpartisan FCC Rep. John Conyers says unnecessary political divisions have brought the Federal Communications Commission to a policy standstill.
Venezuela Minister Opposes Increase in OPEC Production Quotas Venezuela, OPEC #39;s third-largest oil producer, said the group shouldn #39;t raise its output targets at this week #39;s meeting in Vienna.
Ivan, Iraq concerns lift oil Oil prices jumped again Tuesday as Hurricane Ivan charged towards the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico and an explosion rocked Iraq #39;s recovering oil industry.
Linux and Identity Services Key for Novell Linux and identity management will be Novell #39;s biggest strengths, according to its chief executive Jack Messman. Messman told delegates at this year #39;s Novell Brainshare Europe event in Barcelona 
NEC delivers four-way fault tolerant Windows server NEC Solutions America, the US unit of Japanese server maker NEC Corp., has announced a new fault tolerant Windows server, a machine with the unwieldy name of the Express5800/340 Hb-R.
Live: Sri Lanka v Zimbabwe Sri Lanka made a breakthrough with two quick wickets to leave struggling Zimbabwe on 47-3 at The Oval. After Upul Chandana #39;s superb catch of Brendan Taylor in the 13th over, Mahela Jayawardene then caught 
Vivendi Universal sees better days ahead in 2004 PARIS : French media giant Vivendi Universal reported a surge in its net loss so far this year but forecast a sharp turnaround in its finances for all of 2004.
Nokia embraces SD memory cards Users accustomed to removing the memory card from one of their consumer electronic devices and plugging it into another will soon be able to do the same with mobile phones from Nokia Corp.
IBM broadens suite of RFID services IBM Corp. on Tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification (RFID) technology.
Update: Sun, Microsoft to detail interoperability in October Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. next month plan to provide more details on work they are doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said Monday.
Borland looks to take on Visual Studio with Diamondback San Jose, Calif. - Borland Software with the planned Diamondback release of its Delphi tool for Windows applications is looking to take on Microsoft while accommodating .Net, Win32 and Delphi development, a Borland official said on Monday at the BorCon conference here. 
Novell #39;s Linux, Identity Services Initiative Linux and identity management will be Novell #39;s biggest strengths, according to its chief executive Jack Messman. Messman told delegates at this year #39;s Novell Brainshare Europe event in Barcelona 
Johnsen eyes Magpies move New Newcastle boss Graeme Souness has targeted the former Manchester United defender to cover for the loss of Jonathan Woodgate to Real Madrid.
FOOTBALL: DECO: WE MUST KEEP OUR HEADS DECO last night warned his Barcelona team-mates not to repeat last season #39;s costly indiscipline in Glasgow. And he insisted cool heads would do more to unnerve Celtic than the hot tempers which ultimately 
Baseball Today Houston at St. Louis (8:10 pm EDT). Roger Clemens (16-4) starts for Houston against Jeff Suppan (15-6) and the major league-leading Cardinals.
Russia Announces More Funding for Security Russia #39;s finance minister announced a \$5.4 billion increase in funding for four key security agencies on Tuesday, a day after President Vladimir Putin announced his plan for combatting terrorism.
Web Site Killings Raise Dilemmas for Media (Reuters) Reuters - A terrified-looking man, rocking back and\forth in his chair with his hands tied behind his back, appeals\to the United States to leave Iraq and spare him death. Then a\hand with a knife appears to slice off his head.
Inflation falls further below target (AFP) AFP - Inflation slowed to an annual rate of 1.3 percent in August from 1.4 percent in July, well below the 2.0-percent target used by the Bank of England.
Sudan Official Says Darfur Health Normal (AP) AP - A Sudanese official said Tuesday that disturbingly high U.N. estimates of death among Darfur's displaced were mistaken and claimed the health situation was "normal" in the region gripped by what the United Nations has called the world's worst humanitarian disaster.
Before-the-Bell: Taser, Oracle Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Taser International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt;  shares were up more than 6 percent in premarket trading on  Tuesday after the stun gun maker said it had received orders  totaling more than \$1 million.
Oracle sees PeopleSoft offer gaining ground The two companies are waiting for a hearing in Delaware next week when a judge will hear evidence from PeopleSoft regarding why its board rejected Oracle #39;s latest bid of \$24 a share.
Swedish Stock Exchange Halts Trading Trading in shares of Swedish health care company Gambro AB were halted Monday by the Stockholm Stock Exchange amid a report that a US company was poised to buy one of its units.
Kerry Bashes Bush on Assault Weapons Ban WASHINGTON - Sen. John Kerry sought to make President Bush pay a political price Monday for the expiration of a partial assault weapons ban, but other Democrats reacted warily on an issue that has hurt the party in recent elections...
Ivan Lashes Cuba With 160 Mph Winds PINAR DEL RIO, Cuba - Packing ferocious winds and whipping up monstrous waves, Hurricane Ivan's eye brushed Cuba's sparsely populated western tip as a treacherous Category 5 storm - the most powerful - and barreled north toward the U.S. Gulf Coast...
Sony-Led Group to Acquire MGM for \$3B LOS ANGELES - A consortium led by Sony has agreed in principle to acquire famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer for nearly \$3 billion, MGM said late Monday.    The deal marks the last chapter in the history of two of Hollywood's most storied names - MGM, once best known for its musical hits like "Singing in the Rain" and "Meet Me in St...
Sony agrees MGM deal The Sony Corporation today agreed to buy the Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and its valuable film library after rival Time Warner withdrew from the bidding.
Boots Ends Services Expansion to Focus on Pharmacies (Update1) Boots Group Plc, the UK #39;s largest pharmacy chain, abandoned a failed expansion into unprofitable services such as dentistry and eye laser treatment to focus on fighting off competition from supermarkets.
Sun sets up open-source Solaris project Sun Microsystems will create an open-source project around its Solaris 10 operating system by the end of the year, company executives said on Monday.
Novell chooses streamlined Linux desktop When Novell #39;s Linux desktop arrives at the end of this year it will be stripped down to avoid integration problems and to keep it simple for users.
Microsoft, Polycom team on collaboration products Microsoft Corp. and Polycom Inc. have struck a multi-year agreement to link Microsoft #39;s Office Live Communications Server with Polycom #39;s conferencing products, the companies plan to announce Tuesday.
Ericsson awarded Chinese GSM network expansion deal worth US\$150M Wireless equipment maker LM Ericsson said Monday it has received a contract worth about \$150 million US (122.4 million euros ) from Shandong Mobile Communication Co.
IBM Donates Voice Code to Apache IBM (Quote, Chart) is donating software for speech-enabled applications to the open source community, a move supported by more than 20 speech vendors and platform companies, including communications systems player Avaya (Quote, Chart).
Skirmish delays A #39;s win Eric Chavez singled in the winning run, the fourth lead change in the final four innings of a crazy game.  quot;It #39;s was almost like a kickoff of a football game, quot; Chavez said.
Newcastle all set to sign Johnsen NEWCASTLE, ENGLAND -- Newcastle United are on the verge of signing former Manchester United and Aston Villa defender Ronny Johnsen on a short-term contract.
Car Bomb Detonates Outside of Iraqi Police Recruiting Station in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A car bomb exploded near a police station in the Iraqi capital early today, as dozens of people were applying to join the force, killing at least 32 people and wounding 88, officials said.
Japan Confirms Another Case of BSE in Dairy Cow Japan has confirmed a new case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy -- the third discovery of the brain-wasting illness in the country this year.
Blair 'shocked' by climate change Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the BBC he believes time is running out on tackling climate change.
Surfing the Tsunami A tsunami, a series of large waves caused by the disruption of seawater, is one of the many hazards of living on Earth. A mega-tsunami could cause death and destruction to both the eastern and western Atlantic coasts.
UBS buys arm of Julius Baer UBS continued to sweep up private banking assets yesterday with the purchase of the North America wealth management business of Julius Baer, the Swiss private bank.
Oil ministers gather in Vienna, oppose high price of oil VIENNA : OPEC ministers gathered in Vienna to talk business, with powerbroker Saudi Arabia saying the 11-member cartel was against a 40-dollar price tag on oil, while admitting it is difficult to reduce.
Controversial Disney boss retiring in 2006 In a move that may have been designed to reassure shareholders, Walt Disney CEO Michael Eisner has announced that he will retire from the company when his contract ends in 2006.
Boots axes dentistry and chiropody THE flagship Boots store on Princes Street is to lose its dentistry and chiropody clinics as part of a nationwide cutback of services by the company.
Storm tracking US hurricane forecasters say the worst may not yet be over for the 2004 season in the Atlantic, based on a trend of above-normal activity during seven of the last nine seasons.
Citigroup regrets August bond sale-memo US financial services giant Citigroup (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) regrets its controversial sale of around 11 billion euros (\$13.
Symantec under attack from MyDoom Antivirus firm Symantec is facing a denial-of-service attack on its Web site from the latest version of the MyDoom worm. Authors of MyDoom.
Sutton, Langer spell it out Bernhard Langer and Hal Sutton stressed the importance of playing this year #39;s 135th Ryder Cup in the  #39;right spirit #39; when the US captain met Langer and his 12-man European team at Detroit #39;s Metro Airport on their arrival from London on Monday evening.
Baseball Roundup: Brawl Hurts Fans Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco allegedly hurled a chair at some fans heckling the Ranger bullpen after the Rangers hit a ninth inning game tying homer in Oakland.
Ayoon wa Azan (His Masters Voice) The anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks went by, mixed with the news of the dreadful incident in the Russian school in Beslan; there were nearly 350 victims, mostly children.
WORLD BRIEFS IN AFGHANISTAN. US troops and helicopter gunships killed 22 militants, including three Arab fighters, in the southern province of Zabul, Afghanistan, the military said yesterday.
Big Anti-Induce Campaign Planned A music-activism group is staging a massive call-in to congressional members Tuesday to protest the Induce Act and urge protection of consumers' rights to music and movies they own. By Katie Dean.
Aural Heaven: IPod and Analog In high-tech Japan, an antiques dealer pioneers a new way to listen to digital music -- by piping the tunes through tube radios. Nobuyuki Hayashi reports from Tokyo.
Geeks Code for the Gold Competitors are still going at it in Athens, but this time the teams are trying to write the most elegant code. By Michelle Delio.
Satellite Service Battles Lag Satellite internet service providers are often the only alternative to dialup in far-flung areas. The battle with latency still rages, although companies are making gains in upload speeds. By Elliot Borin.
Of Mice and Biometrics Microsoft's new keyboard features a fingerprint reader that should have been a handy gizmo. But its price and its unfriendly attitude toward non-Microsoft browsers disappoint. Melissa Kruse reviews the Microsoft Optical Desktop with Fingerprint Reader.
Nevada's Seamless E-Vote The success of last week's primary election using touch-screen voting machines heartens officials in other states, where e-voting has been problematic. Still, the Silver State may be in a unique situation.
Blue-chip downgrades, higher oil prices pressure stocks By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Stocks were mixed Monday as investors reacted to modestly higher oil prices.
U.S. Retail Sales Slip on Auto Weakness  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales posted a  larger-than-expected decline in August, a Commerce Department  report on Tuesday showed, but the drop was mostly confined to  the automotive sector.
Mauresmo Ranking Highlights Faults in System  LONDON (Reuters) - More a mathematical anomaly than a badge  of honor, the world's No. 1 ranking in women's tennis rests  this week uneasily on the shoulders of Amelie Mauresmo.
Retail Sales Drop in August Shoppers turned tightfisted in August, dropping sales at the nation's retailers by 0.3 percent, providing fresh evidence of an erratic pace of consumer spending in recent months.
 Dockers seek conciliation help Union officials and leaders at AB Ports are meeting conciliation experts to try to reach an agreement in the docks crisis.
Another Canadian qualifies for PGA Tour CBC SPORTS ONLINE - David Hearn became the latest Canadian to qualify for the PGA Tour, earning his card by a single stroke. Hearn, from Brampton, Ont.
'Sustainable relief' is way ahead The World Urban Forum hears a call for governments to think beyond merely recovering from natural disasters.
Martian Mesas in Stunning Detail These images, taken by the High Resolution Stereo Camera (HRSC) on board ESA's Mars Express spacecraft, show part of a heavily eroded impact crater at Solis Planum, in the Thaumasia region of the southern hemisphere.
Cassini Snaps Saturn's Family Portrait The Cassini spacecraft now orbiting Saturn takes a wide-angle view of the ringed planet's extended moon system.     Astrobiology Magazine -- A stately Saturn poses for a portrait with five of its moons in this Cassini spacecraft wide angle camera view...
Upbeat Outlook Offsets Effects of Aging Positive emotions improve physical, functional health of older adults    HealthDayNews -- Positive thoughts can help older people maintain their physical and functional health, while negative emotions can cause a rapid decline, say two studies in the September issue of Psychology and Aging.    In the first study, University of Texas researchers tracked 1,558 older Mexican-Americans in five southwestern states for seven years...
Troubled airline still flies, but how long? An old joke says US Airways, formed by the merger of Mohawk and Allegheny airlines, should have been named Mo #39; Agony. That is exactly what the airline #39;s investors and employees must be feeling since it filed 
Pier 1 Imports #39; profit falls 43.3 percent FORT WORTH, Texas -- Pier 1 Imports Inc., a home furnishings retailer, said Tuesday its second-quarter income fell 43.3 percent due to a 3 percent drop in stores open at least a year.
Vivendi Net Loss Widens Vivendi Universal posted a near doubling in its first-half net loss to 1.86 billion euros (\$2.28 billion) on Tuesday, hit by currency translation losses linked to its 
Sky Team Has Three New Member Airlines Sky Team, one of the worlds three airline alliances, announced that Continental Airlines, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and Northwest Airlines officially joined the alliance at its governing board in New York, Monday.
Surprise slowdown in UK inflation Cheaper clothes prices helped to lower the UK inflation rate in August, with the consumer prices index (CPI) down to 1.3 from 1.4 in July.
Novell: Linux turns up the heat on Microsoft Novell chief executive Jack Messman sat down with ZDNet UK on Monday at BrainShare in Barcelona, and gave a typically combative take on the current state of the software industry.
Kiely triumphs in personal battle with Delap Former Republic of Ireland international teammates Dean Kiely and Rory Delap enjoyed a personal battle as Charlton and Southampton played out a 0-0 draw at the Valley on Monday night.
A class operation from start to finish As Mario Lemieux spoke, Martin Brodeur fiddled with the cap to a bottle of water in his left hand, finally fumbling it entirely. As the small piece of white plastic bounced off the dais and to the concrete 
Cricket: Kenya v Pakistan match abandoned for the day BIRMINGHAM, England : Play in the ICC Champions Trophy Pool C match between Kenya and Pakistan at Edgbaston here was abandoned for the day because of rain without a ball being bowled.
Public should be allowed around Buckingham: Minister British Home Secretary David Blunkett said Tuesday that security measures at Buckingham Palace need improvement but the public shouldn #39;t be stopped from coming close to main palaces and monuments across the country.
ElBaradei says unclear if Iran nuclear plans peaceful It is unclear if Iran #39;s nuclear ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as Washington asserts, the UN nuclear watchdog says.
Police search for clues to embassy bombing, using DNA tests The Indonesian police have conducted DNA tests on 117 small pieces of bodies found in the scene of a deadly bombing at the Australian Embassy in Jakarta, and also on family 
U.S. Current Account Gap Grows to Record (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. current account gap widened\again in the second quarter, growing to a record  #36;166.18\billion, the Commerce Department said on Tuesday.
U.S. Retail Sales Slip on Auto Weakness (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. retail sales posted a\larger-than-expected decline in August, a Commerce Department\report on Tuesday showed, but the drop was mostly confined to\the automotive sector.
U.S. Treasuries Falter as Core Sales Rise (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices turned slightly\lower on Tuesday in a classic buy the rumor sell the fact\reaction as a reading on U.S. consumption proved not as weak as\some had been betting.
Retail Sales Drop 0.3 Percent in August (AP) AP - Shoppers turned tightfisted in August, dropping sales at the nation's retailers by 0.3 percent, providing fresh evidence of an erratic pace of consumer spending in recent months.
Talk Is Cheap Using Internet Long-Distance (AP) AP - Jorge Chavez, sitting in his office on a used car lot in Hollywood, picks up the phone and dials his sister in Peru. Nothing unusual about that  #151; except that the call went out over the Internet, sounded as clear as if he had been calling Fort Lauderdale, and cost just a few pennies.
Kroger Quarterly Profit Slips (Reuters) Reuters - Kroger Co. , the largest U.S.\grocer, on Tuesday reported a lower quarterly profit, hurt by\debt costs even as sales rebounded in Southern California where\it was hit by a strike.
China Faces New Textile Import Limits (AP) AP - A top U.S. commerce official said he told China to expect American textile makers to seek new limits on Chinese imports as soon as next week, as he also urged Beijing to do more to stop piracy and lower trade barriers.
U.S. Treasuries Falter as Core Sales Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices turned slightly  lower on Tuesday in a classic buy the rumor sell the fact  reaction as a reading on U.S. consumption proved not as weak as  some had been betting.
Dollar Down on Record Current Account Gap  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slipped against the euro  and the yen early in New York on Tuesday immediately after the  release of data showing the U.S. current account deficit  ballooned to a new record of \$166.18 billion in the second  quarter.
Report: Heat to Cause More Calif. Deaths (AP) AP - Longer and more intense heat waves throughout California in the decades ahead will lead to more heat-related deaths in several major cities, according to a new report.
Navy Ship to Become Scientific Explorer (AP) AP - It started out listening for enemy submarines, once plied the oceans searching for drug traffickers and recently ran aircraft surveillance for ships gearing up for duty in the Iraq war.
Kroger Quarterly Profit Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KR.N&lt;/A&gt;, the largest U.S.  grocer, on Tuesday reported a lower quarterly profit, hurt by  debt costs even as sales rebounded in Southern California where  it was hit by a strike.
West Africa currency switch looms The eight west African states that use the CFA franc prepare to replace their banknotes in an effort to halt counterfeiting.
Retail Sales Drop 0.3 Percent in August Shoppers turned tightfisted in August, dropping sales at the nation's retailers by 0.3 percent, providing fresh evidence of an erratic pace of consumer spending in recent months.
Jobs outlook brightens Almost one-third of Mesa Countys employers plan to hire additional workers during the final three months of this year, according to a survey by a nationwide temporary-services firm.
Packers Win Season Opener It was a battle between the some of the league #39;s best offensive and defensive lines. Packers have pieced together one of the better offensive lines in the NFC.
First the game, then ... One final horn-honking, flag-waving frenzy for the fans. One last, glorious opportunity for 40 of the world #39;s best players to pull on their nation #39;s colours and leave them wanting more in what should be a tremendous World Cup final.
Royals Blast Yankees Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - Angel Berroa went 5-for-5 with five runs scored and Kansas City exploded for 10 runs in the fifth inning en route to a 17-8 victory over the New York Yankees in the opener of a three-game series at Kauffman Stadium.
Sharon Rejects Call for Referendum on Gaza Withdrawal Plan Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has rejected a call from a key political rival from his own Likud Party for a national referendum on his plan to withdraw all Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip.
Ground Zero Workers File Billion-Dollar Health Lawsuit Nearly three years to the day of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, lawyers for more than 800 "Ground Zero" rescue and clean-up workers announced Monday a billion-dollar class-action lawsuit against owners of the World Trade Center for exposing the workers to allegedly toxic conditions.
Carl Zeiss in \$1.1bn deal to purchase Sola Germany #39;s Carl Zeiss, which makes binoculars, microscopes and lenses for Hasselblad cameras, said yesterday it had joined with private equity firm EQT to acquire California 
Global Markets: Ivan Blows Oil Higher (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan blew oil prices back\above  #36;44 a barrel on Tuesday, fueling fears of disruption to\supplies and giving European investors an excuse to take\profits from stock markets at 10-week highs.
Treasuries Slip After Retail Report (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices turned lower on\Tuesday in a classic buy-the-rumor, sell-the-fact reaction as a\reading on U.S. consumption proved not as weak as some had been\betting.
Among the well-heeled at the world polo championships in Chantilly (AFP) AFP - Maybe it's something to do with the fact that the playing area is so vast that you need a good pair of binoculars to see the action if it's not taking place right in front of the stands.
US retail sales down 0.3 percent in August (AFP) AFP - US retail sales fell 0.3 percent in August, marking the third decline in the past five months, according to an estimate from the Commerce Department.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for  #36;160M in Cash (AP) AP - Internet portal Yahoo Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to buy Web-based digital music and software provider Musicmatch Inc. for  #36;160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of Launch, Yahoo's digital music site.
Hurricanes Hit Office Depot Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Office Depot Inc.  on Tuesday\warned of weaker-than-expected full-year profit because of the\string of hurricanes in Florida and poor sales across North\America and Europe, sending its stock down nearly 8 percent.
China offers US firms opportunities but must protect copyright: US official (AFP) AFP - China's booming market offers opportunities for US manufacturers but Beijing must crack down on copyright violations, US Undersecretary of Commerce for International Trade Grant Aldonas said.
Update 2: Swedish Exchange Halts Gambro Trading Trading in shares of Swedish health care company Gambro AB were halted Monday by the Stockholm Stock Exchange following a report that the US dialysis company DaVita Inc.
Stocks Flat as Oil, Retail Sales Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on  Tuesday as concerns over higher oil prices damaging corporate  profits weighed on investor sentiment, while a dip in retail  sales also dampened the mood.
Retail Sales Down; Trade Gap Larger  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales dipped in August  and the U.S. gap with its international trade partners widened  to a record level in the second quarter of the year, government  reports released on Tuesday showed.
Global Markets: Ivan Blows Oil Higher  LONDON (Reuters) - Hurricane Ivan blew oil prices back  above \$44 a barrel on Tuesday, fueling fears of disruption to  supplies and giving European investors an excuse to take  profits from stock markets at 10-week highs.
Offshore tax guru sentenced to six months A self-professed guru of offshore tax havens was sentenced to six months in prison Monday for conspiring to defraud the Internal Revenue Service after prosecutors urged a 
Treasuries Slip After Retail Report  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices turned lower on  Tuesday in a classic buy-the-rumor, sell-the-fact reaction as a  reading on U.S. consumption proved not as weak as some had been  betting.
Alcoa Plans to Declare Force Majeure  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alcoa Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it  plans to declare force majeure to its customers due to a  temporary shutdown at its Jamalco refinery in Jamaica and  damage to the port from which the plant ships its alumina  caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Saudi Arabia Leads OPEC Oil Rush  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC is keeping its foot to the pedal on  production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be  reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official  output limits, Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday.
Hurricanes Hit Office Depot Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  warned of weaker-than-expected full-year profit because of the  string of hurricanes in Florida and poor sales across North  America and Europe, sending its stock down nearly 8 percent.
Fired-up US union leader lambasts Bush at British workers' conference (AFP) AFP - The leader of the main US firefighters' union rallied behind Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry ahead of November elections, saying it was the right time for George W. Bush to be voted out.
UBS in private banking deal Baer #39;s North American wealth management business employs 55 people and manages more than \$4 billion in client assets. It is based in Manhattan and has additional offices in Los Angeles, Palm Beach and Montreal.
Samsung To Pour \$24B into Semi Production On the occasion of its 30th anniversary in the semiconductor business, Samsung announced plans to invest \$24 billion into semiconductor production over the next six years, an expansion that will create 10,000 new jobs.
Chechen envoy warns of bloodshed UK-based envoy Akhmed Zakayev warns of more bloodshed in Chechnya unless peace talks are held.
Packers Run Past Panthers 24-14 CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Ahman Green ran up, down and all over the defending NFC champion Carolina Panthers...
Kroger profit falls, warns on sales Kroger (KR), the largest US grocer, Tuesday reported a 25 drop in quarterly profit. Even though sales rebounded in Southern California, where Kroger was hit by a strike, Chief Executive 
Office Depot Won #39;t Meet Analysts #39; Earnings Estimates for 3 Qtr Office Depot Inc., the world #39;s No. 2 office-supplies retailer, said it expects earnings per share for the third quarter to fall below current First Call estimates partly because of the recent Hurricanes in Florida.
Retail Sales Down; Trade Gap Larger US retail sales dipped in August and the US gap with its international trade partners widened to a record level in the second quarter of the year, government reports released on Tuesday showed.
Stocks Flat as Oil, Retail Sales Weigh US stocks opened little changed on Tuesday as concerns over higher oil prices damaging corporate profits weighed on investor sentiment, while a dip in retail sales also dampened the mood.
Update 1: Kremlin Backs Gazprom Deal President Vladimir Putin backed a government proposal Tuesday to swap state-owned oil company Rosneft for shares in Gazprom - a major step toward removing restrictions on foreign investors #39; access to shares in the natural gas giant.
LSI Logic Warns LSI Logic (LSI ) says based on customer reassessment of end demand for the second half of the year, it lowered the \$435 million to \$465 million third-quarter revenue guidance to \$370 million to \$400 million, and cut the breakeven to 3-cent third-quarter 
Canon, Toshiba to team on flat panel displays Japanese technology companies Canon and Toshiba said Tuesday that they would invest \$1.82 billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel displays.
Goldsmith #39;s department store changing names The Goldsmith name will disappear from Memphis and Jackson department stores that have borne it for 134 years. Cincinnati-based Federated Department Stores announced it will change its regional department store brands to Macy #39;s, beginning in January.
IETF Shoots Down Microsoft Email Proposal A technical working group at the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) last weekend voted to veto a proposal by Microsoft that was designed to identify the real source of email messages.
Novel Worms: One Sniffs, Another Talks Anti-virus companies are warning of a new variant of the Sdbot mass-mailing worm that installs a network sniffer in order to grab unencrypted passwords, apparently the first worm to do so.
B-52 #39;s redo Beatles song for TV commercial The B-52 #39;s have recorded a cover of the Beatles #39; Paperback Writer for a Buick TV commercial that begins airing September 19 in the United States.
Speech code from IBM to become open source IBM plans to announce Monday that it will contribute some of its speech-recognition software to two open-source software groups. The move is a tactical step by IBM to accelerate the development 
Mozilla Foundation Ships Firefox 1.0 Preview Release, Thunderbird &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Tuesday, the Mozilla Foundation released its first preview release of Firefox 1.0, the organization #39;s standalone Web browser based on the Mozilla source code.
A #39;s claim 10-inning win over Rangers OAKLAND, Calif. - The way hes been batting lately, Eric Chavez figured Laynce Nix would surely get a glove on his line drive to center field.
FIFA claims victory over US firm concerning Internet rights World soccer #39;s governing body said Tuesday it had won a US legal dispute over World Cup rights with a Florida-based Internet company that focuses on Latin America.
Ilitch says he #39;ll be aggressive in seeking top players One winter of big spending brought the Detroit Tigers back from one of the worst seasons in baseball history. Now owner Mike Ilitch suggests that he #39;s planning a repeat performance.
Nilmar set to grace European stage against Manchester United Manchester United may have captured the hottest property in world soccer by signing Wayne Rooney, but Lyon believes it has unearthed the new Ronaldo.
Big East out of WAC #39;s league The WAC is better than the Big East. I became convinced of that this past weekend after watching Boise State dismantle Oregon State and Fresno State pummel then-No.
Russia boosts funds for security Russia is to invest more than \$5bn extra in its security services to help combat terrorism. Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin, who announced the move, said the fight against terror would be a top budget priority in 2005.
Israeli ministers back compensation plan for Gaza settlers JERUSALEM : Israeli ministers approved a compensation package for settlers due to be uprooted from their homes as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon rejected calls to submit his Gaza pullout plan to a referendum.
Bird flu outbreak hits Malaysia Malaysia has detected a new outbreak of bird flu in a village in north-east Kelantan state, the sixth to be hit by the deadly virus in a month, officials announced today.
Saudi Arabian violence changed oil prices Oil prices were forced higher today by an outbreak of violence in Saudi Arabia and concerns that Opec may cut output. The cost of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil climbed to 43.31 US dollars after gunmen 
Hollywood's Lion Kings All the morning headlines make clear that Sony is buying one of Hollywood's most famous studios, but it's Comcast and the future of content delivery that may make this merger more meaningful to consumers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Md. Senator Sees Error by Voting Machine Sen. Barbara Mikulski tried out a new touch-screen voting machine that was displayed at a local festival and got an erroneous result, an aide said.
The science of hurricanes The BBC's Peter Gibbs explains why hurricanes happen, and what can be done to limit their impact.
UPDATE 1-Office Depot warns on profit; hurricanes hurt Office Depot Inc. (ODP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday warned of weaker-than-expected profits for the rest of the year because of disruptions from the string of hurricanes 
IBM Releases Speech Technology To Open Source IBM has handed over speech technology to two open-source groups to boost development of speech-recognition applications, which proponents say will eventually become common in customer-service call centers, automobiles and elsewhere.
Soccer: Is a sport too big for its principles? From London to Tel Aviv, soccer is going down roads that sorely challenge its ages #39; old traditions. In London last weekend, a referee admitted to being bullied by the protests of Arsenal defenders to change 
Study: 400,000 IT jobs lost since 2001 Nearly half of those jobs disappeared after the recession's official end, with San Francisco and Boston being hit the hardest.
Siemens inks deal with ID software firm The European electronics giant will integrate Oblix's access management software and Web services security products.
T.O. Effect Gives Boost to Eagles' Offense (AP) AP - Terrell Owens' impact is easy to see in the statistics, where the big-gain catches and flashy touchdowns have often led to regular-season wins.
Yahoo to Buy Digital Music Company Musicmatch (Reuters) Reuters - Internet company Yahoo Inc. \said on Tuesday it will buy privately held music software\company Musicmatch Inc. for about  #36;160 million in a bid to\bolster its online music services.
Yahoo to buy Musicmatch, seeks to be 'major player' in online music (AFP) AFP - Yahoo said it was buying digital music group Musicmatch for about 160 million dollars in cash in a move aimed at boosting the Internet portal's online music offerings.
Greying Japan's centenarians total record 23,000 (AFP) AFP - The number of Japanese aged 100 or older is set to top 23,000 by the end of September, up 12 percent from a year earlier, in another sign of the nation's rapid transition to a greying society, officials said.
Basque group sets off 7 explosions in Spain MADRID The Basque separatist group ETA struck Monday for the second time in days, exploding seven small bombs in seven cities throughout Spain, the Interior Ministry said.
Dent Tops Luczak to Win at China Open (AP) AP - Taylor Dent defeated Australian qualifier Peter Luczak 6-3, 6-2 in a rain-delayed first-round match at the China Open on Tuesday.
Stocks Feel Impact of Oil Concerns  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were slightly lower on Tuesday,  as concerns about higher oil prices cutting into corporate  profits and consumer demand weighed on sentiment, while retail  sales posted a larger-than-expected decline in August.
Office Depot Warns, Blames Hurricanes  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  warned of weaker-than-expected full-year profit because of the  string of hurricanes in Florida and poor sales across North  America and Europe, sending its stock down nearly 8 percent.
Office Depot Cuts Outlook Office Depot Inc. lowered its earnings expectations for the third quarter and for the year, citing lower sales because of hurricane disruptions and soft European business. The price of its stock fell more than 7 percent on the news.
Sinn Fein Says Bug Found at N.Irish Party Office  BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Sinn Fein, political  ally of the Irish Republican Army, has found a bugging device  at offices in Northern Ireland used by leader Gerry Adams,  party sources said Tuesday.
Milosevic team seek halt to trial Two lawyers appointed to defend Slobodan Milosevic on war crimes charges ask for his trial to be suspended.
Retail Sales Fall 0.3 in August While Trade Gap Expands Retail sales dipped in August and the U.S. gap with its international trade partners widened to a record level in the second quarter of the year, two reports showed today.
Stocks to Open Subdued Ahead of Sales Data NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen opening in a subdued mood with the release of August's retail sales report likely to influence overall sentiment...
AP: Israel Sends Experts to Help Russia JERUSALEM - Israel has sent intelligence officers to Russia and is hosting at least two senior Russian officers in Tel Aviv - quietly moving to upgrade anti-terror cooperation with Moscow in the wake of a series of devastating attacks in Russia, officials told The Associated Press.    The Israeli moves come as President Vladimir Putin revamps Russia's anti-terrorism capabilities after a school seizure by separatists in southern Russia ended with the deaths of at least 330 hostages, including many children...
Car Bomb Kills at Least 47 in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb exploded near a police station in Baghdad early Tuesday as dozens of Iraqis were applying to join the force, killing at least 47 people and wounding 114, officials said. In Baqouba, gunmen opened fire on a van carrying policemen home from work, killing 11 officers and a civilian...
Sony Banking on MGM Deal to Boost Profits TOKYO - Sony Corp. is banking on the \$3 billion deal to acquire Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc...
Hurricane Ivan Drenches Western Cuba PINAR DEL RIO, Cuba - Hurricane Ivan slammed into Cuba's sparsely populated western tip with the worst of its 160-mph eyewall, growing to a storm of catastrophic strength after it smashed giant waves onto Grand Cayman island and readied to strike the Gulf of Mexico and U.S. oil interests...
IAEA Won't Guarantee Iran Probe Deadline VIENNA, Austria - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said Tuesday that he cannot guarantee his probe of Iran's suspect nuclear activities will be complete by November, the deadline sought by the United States and its European allies...
Senate Mulls Whether Goss Should Head CIA WASHINGTON - Even as Congress revamps the nation's intelligence network, lawmakers appear intent on getting a new CIA chief in office before they adjourn next month for the November election.    President Bush's choice for the post, retiring Rep...
Britain #39;s inflation rate falls in August Britain #39;s inflation rate fell in August further below its 2.0 percent government-set upper limit target with clothing and footwear prices actually falling, official data showed on Tuesday.
Hopes rise for Alitalia rescue Talks between Alitalia and the airline #39;s unions continued on Tuesday as hopes rose of side-stepping bankruptcy before Wednesday #39;s deadline.
Putin Approves Merger Between Gazprom and Rosneft Russian President Putin approved the suggestion made by Prime Minister Fradkov to promptly liberalize the share market of natural gas monopoly Gazprom .
Yahoo! makes a Musicmatch Internet company Yahoo! Inc. said Tuesday it will buy privately held music software company Musicmatch Inc. for about \$160 million in a bid to bolster its online music services.
All For One, says FSG San Francisco based, Free Standards Group, a nonprofit organization that develops and promotes open source software standards, announced the availability of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0.
Big Blue Breaks Price Barrier With Linux Lineup IBM today released an entry-level Power5-based server tuned for Linux, the eServer OpenPower 720 -- an alternative to the higher priced HP and Sun entry-level Unix and Linux systems.
Wenger on the attack Arsene Wenger today renewed his attack on Real Madrid for the methods they use to sign players. The Arsenal manager sparked a row with the Spanish giants on the day the new 
Zurich rules out 2014 bid Zurich has abandoned plans to bid for the 2014 Winter Olympics because of the financial burden in staging the event. The Swiss Olympic Association said the authorities had decided not to proceed due to the  quot;current precarious financial position quot;.
PONTING EYES THE PRESENT Ricky Ponting is refusing to look beyond this week #39;s crunch match against New Zealand to the possibility of an ICC Champions Trophy semi-final for Australia against hosts England.
Rovers job appeals to Hughes Dennis Roach, the agent of Mark Hughes, has revealed that the Wales national team coach is interested in the vacant managerial position at Blackburn.
Dozens killed in Baghdad market explosion Heavy smoke billows from the site of a car bomb explosion outside the headquarters of Baghdad Police in the Haifa Street area of Baghdad, considered a bastion of Saddam Hussein loyalists.
Australia sends hostage experts to Iraq The Federal Government has sent a team of Defence personnel, police and other officials to Iraq as it tries to verify a claim that two Australians have been kidnapped by Islamic militants.
Manny #39;s chance at life with two dads CAUGHT at the centre of a tug-of-love, Manny Musu could have a future with two dads, her Australian father said yesterday. Sydney policeman Dave Norman has been trying 
Schroeder Won't Drop Equality Aim for East Germans  BERLIN (Reuters) - The German government will stick to its  disputed goal of raising living standards in the formerly  communist east to western levels despite the spiraling costs,  Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said Tuesday.
Ivan churns through Mexican Gulf Hurricane Ivan is moving through the Gulf of Mexico, with parts of Mexico and the US on severe weather alert.
Saudi Arabia takes credit for lower oil prices Leading OPEC producer Saudi Arabia said on Monday in Vienna, Austria, that it had made a renewed effort to deflate record high world oil prices by upping crude output again.
Macy #39;s to drop Burdines name After 106 years serving customers from early settlers to sophisticated ladies, Burdines,  quot;the Florida store, quot; will be no more.
SD in the cards for Nokia &lt;a href="http://p2pnet.net/story/2429"&gt;Nokia takes up SD cards&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;p2pnet.net&lt;/nobr&gt;
News and Trends The presidential campaign is not the only race that #39;s being hotly contested these days. Consider the battle of titans underway as the two largest computer hardware firms in the world -- IBM and HP -- duke 
Job application hidden in virus code Experts at a UK anti-virus firm have discovered a job application buried in lines of code for two new computer worm viruses. The message, which could only be read by anti-virus professionals, said:  quot;We searching 4 work in AV (anti-virus) industry.
IBM targets manufacturers with RFID com September 14, 2004, 7:32 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Dent wins as rain disrupts China Open Torrential rain caused havoc at the China Open as American Taylor Dent and Noam Okun of Israel were the only players to reach the second round on Tuesday.
NFL: Everything goes wrong for Panthers CHARLOTTE, NC - Everything went right for the Carolina Panthers last season, from lucky bounces to staying injury free. One game into the new season, all that has changed.
Zurich says no to 2014 Winter Olympics It follows the announcement last week that Zurich would not be able to host any of the 2008 European football championship games, owing to a legal wrangle over plans for a new stadium.
Zim Date Sri Lanka ZIMBABWE face fancied Sri Lanka at the Oval today needing a huge win to stay in the International Cricket Council #39;s Champions Trophy.
 quot;Batman quot; protester freed on bail Campaigner Jason Hatch has been released on police bail after staging a protest on a ledge at Buckingham Palace while dressed as Batman.
Car bomb explodes near Iraqi police recruiting station in Baghdad A car bomb Tuesday ripped through a busy market near a Baghdad police headquarters where Iraqis were waiting to apply for jobs on the 
9/13/04 - TERRORIST BOMBING IN INDONESIA Terrorists set off a bomb at the Australian embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia. At least nine people were killed and one-hundred-eighty wounded.
Malaysia #39;s UMNO will not bring Anwar back into party KUALA LUMPUR : The UMNO Supreme Council on Tuesday reached a decision not to bring back former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim, who was UMNO deputy president, into the party for now.
Video Shows Beheading of Turkish Hostage A video purportedly posted on the web by Iraqi terrorists shows the beheading of a Turkish driver, world news agencies reported. The video has grabbed the man introducing himself as Durmus Kumderelu, a driver 
Manny wakes and says  #39;papa #39; . . . in Italian There was relief in the eyes of Manuel Musu yesterday after his five-year-old daughter Manny opened her eyes and said,  quot;Papa quot;.
Alcoa Plans to Declare Force Majeure (Reuters) Reuters - Alcoa Inc.  on Tuesday said it\plans to declare force majeure to its customers due to a\temporary shutdown at its Jamalco refinery in Jamaica and\damage to the port from which the plant ships its alumina\caused by Hurricane Ivan.
Buckingham Palace Eyes Improving Security (AP) AP - Alarms and cameras at Buckingham Palace worked well in detecting the breach of security by a man dressed in a Batman costume, but it was still too easy for him to get onto a balcony, a minister said Tuesday after the latest intrusion embarrassed officials guarding the royal residence.
Alitalia Stock Soars As Hopes Rise on Deal (AP) AP - Alitalia's shares soared Tuesday as hopes increased that the struggling carrier and labor unions might clinch a deal on a relaunch plan aimed at saving the company before a deadline Wednesday.
Boy Hospitalized in Thai Bird Flu Case (AP) AP - A 10-month-old boy has become the seventh person hospitalized with bird flu symptoms in Thailand since a teenager died of the disease last week, officials said Tuesday.
KMart at New High; Price Target Raised (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. \hit an all-time high on Tuesday after an analyst raised his\price target on the stock to  #36;101 from  #36;85 a share.
Vivendi Net Loss Widens  PARIS (Reuters) - Vivendi Universal revealed on Tuesday the  full impact of selling most of its entertainment business, as  impairment charges incurred from the deal were largely behind a  nearly trebled first-half net loss of 1.86 billion euros (\$2.28  billion.).
Casey Defends Decision to Fire Caddie  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - European Ryder Cup  debutant Paul Casey has defended his decision to sack his  caddie five days before the start of the biggest team event in  the sport.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for \$160M Internet portal Yahoo Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to buy Web-based digital music and software provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of Launch, Yahoo's digital music site.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;
Russia Delays Reopening of Schools After Siege  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Unfinished security checks have delayed  the reopening of schools in Beslan, the Russian town where at  least 327 hostages were killed when Chechen rebels seized a  school, local media reported Tuesday.
Hackers Join Homeland Security Effort Jason Larsen is a computer hacker with a twist. His goal is not to wreak havoc, but to boost security for America's pipelines, railroads, utilities and other infrastructure.
Space's largest window is built The largest window built for use in space has been completed, promising a spectacular view from the International Space Station.
Iranian nuclear plans 'unclear' The UN nuclear agency says it needs more time to decide whether Iran has a nuclear weapons programme.
Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers Senior Israeli Cabinet ministers Tuesday approved the payment of cash advances to Jewish settlers who will be removed from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to leave the Gaza Strip - the government's first concrete step toward withdrawal.
Kroger misses mark by 8 cents Kroger Co., the largest US grocer, reported a lower quarterly profit Tuesday, hurt by debt costs even as sales rebounded in Southern California where it was hit by a strike.
NBC deal hits Vivendi #39;s results Vivendi Universal posted a first-half net loss Tuesday that almost doubled to 1.86 billion, as it was hit by currency translation losses linked to its entertainment deal with NBC.
German Jewish leader lambasts UEFA over Champions League match HAMBURG - German Jewish leader Paul Spiegel said he was  quot;dismayed and outraged quot; over UEFA #39;s decision to play a Champions League match in Tel Aviv as Jewish New Year festivities begin.
Dent, Okun win as rain disrupts China Open Taylor Dent of the United States cruised past Australian qualifier Peter Luczak 6-3, 6-2 Tuesday at a rain disrupted China Open. Israel #39;s Noam Okun also took an easy 6-3, 6-2 win over Britain #39;s Arvind Parmar before rain set in at Beijing.
Hughes keen on Blackburn position LONDON, England -- Wales coach Mark Hughes has admitted he is interested in taking over as manager of Blackburn, who have lost Graeme Souness to Newcastle.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for \$160M in Cash Internet portal Yahoo Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to buy Web-based digital music and software provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in cash, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of Launch, Yahoo #39;s digital music site.
Microsoft #39;s Sender ID sent packing The issue arose in the MARID (MTA Authorization Records in DNS) group, part of the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), which brings together representatives from various groups in the software industry to agree on common standards for Internet software 
Bird Flu Found Outside Malaysia Quarantine Zone Malaysia says it has found a new outbreak of bird flu outside a 10-kilometer quarantine zone imposed around the first village hit in the latest wave of the virus.
Blair prepared to cut troop numbers in Northern Ireland Tony Blair will press ahead with scaling down the army presence in Northern Ireland even if there is no deal between the Ulster parties at this week #39;s talks in Kent aimed at restoring devolution in the Province.
Japanese getting older as record numbers reach 100 The number of Japanese men and women who have lived 100 years or more surged this year to a record 23,038. The figure released by the Health Ministry reflects longer life spans in a rapidly greying nation, where 
IBM targets manufacturers with RFID Big Blue also introduces radio tag services for midsized suppliers working under mandates from retail giants such as Wal-Mart.
MGM Deal Brings Sony Closer to Its Vision  TOKYO (Reuters) - With its acquisition of Hollywood film  studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Sony Corp is one step closer to its  vision of linking hardware and content, and to winning the key  battle for the next generation DVD.
German software pirate, and his father, get jail time The noose appears to be tightening around one of Europe's largest software counterfeiting rings as a German court sentenced a second member of the network to prison on Monday, and handed a sentence to his father for helping run front operations.
Cisco to buy VoIP software vendor Cisco Systems Inc. this week announced plans to acquire Dynamicsoft Inc., a maker of carrier VoIP software based on Session Initiation Protocol.
Sendo, Microsoft Settle Lawsuits Two-year legal dispute over smart phone technology comes to an end.
Vivendi says it has turned corner Vivendi #39;s recovery is almost complete, the French media and telecommunications giant declared Tuesday, despite a massive second-quarter net loss bloated by the effects of the weaker US dollar.
McAfee Releases New E-Mail Managing Service McAfee today announced that it has extended its online managed services portfolio with Managed Mail Protection, a new secure content management offering to provide SMBs with an integrated anti-spam and anti-virus capabilities.
ICC bagged over mismatch CRICKET officials are under pressure to overhaul the game #39;s showpiece tournaments after embarrassing mismatches and England #39;s bleak weather threatened to turn the Champions Trophy into a farce.
Britain, Ireland push for Northern Ireland deal At a fairytale English castle, the prime ministers of Britain and Ireland will this week attempt to broker an unlikely marriage of convenience between the two extremes of Northern Irish politics.
Jordanian Truck Driver Abducted in Iraq The Arabic-language television channel al-Jazeera has broadcast footage of a Jordanian truck driver apparently taken hostage in Iraq.
More Cities Have Internet Presence COVINGTON, Ky. (AP) -- When northern Kentucky resident Bill Glenn wanted to know about parking options in Covington, he logged on to the city's Web site and sent an e-mail...
Talk Is Cheap When Using Internet Long-Distance VOIP has been hailed for years in the telecom industry as the next big thing, but problems with sound quality have prevented it from gaining widespread acceptance. Now VOIP, which has been available since the mid-1990s, is poised to fulfill its promise.
Gadget Turns Plants Into Speakers The therapeutic power of flowers takes on new meaning with a Japanese gadget that turns plants into audio speakers, making the petals and leaves tremble with good vibrations.
Singh named player of the year Vijay Singh has won the US PGA Tour player of the year award for the first time, ending Tiger Woods #39;s five-year hold on the honour.
Beta Search Engine iZito Supports Human Search Behavior Beta Search Engine iZito Supports Human Search Behavior\\iZito has launched a new meta-search engine that makes searching on the Internet easier and quicker. iZito has developed a "rich user interface" (RUI) which searchers can use to organize, adjust and even 'park' search results for later viewing. iZito claims to be ...
INTERVIEW: IBM Eyes Half of China's Computer Market (Reuters) Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\is reaping the rewards of a decade-long push into China's\business computer market and is eyeing upward of a 50 percent\share, China General Manager Henry Chow said.
Last Stop for Windows 2000: An SP2-Less Update Rollup Microsoft #39;s decision to scrap plans for Windows 2000 Service Pack 5 has effectively killed all hopes that security enhancements built into Windows XP SP2 will be back-ported to Windows 2000.
Yahoo to acquire Musicmatch for  #36;160m (MacCentral) MacCentral - Yahoo! Inc. on Tuesday announced plans to acquire online music service Musicmatch Inc. in a cash deal valued at US #36;160 million. It's Yahoo's maneuver to become a player in the online digital music download world, currently dominated by Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes Music Store, and populated by a variety of other competitors including Napster, Microsoft's MSN Music, Wal-Mart and others.
Campaign Finance Law Sponsors Sue FEC (AP) AP - Two sponsors of the nation's campaign finance law sued the Federal Election Commission on Tuesday for failing to block the spending of unlimited donations in the presidential race, the second lawsuit the FEC has faced over the issue this month.
Stocks Off, Higher Oil Stirs Profit Worry  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were a little lower on  Tuesday, under pressure from worry that higher oil prices will  cut into corporate profits and consumer demand, and retail  sales data that declined more than expected in August.
The Democrats' real problem (U.S. News   World Report) U.S. News   World Report - What a difference a couple of weeks make. Polling during and just after the Republican National Convention, Time and Newsweek have George W. Bush ahead of John Kerry 52 to 41 percent. Post-convention polls show Bush ahead 52 to 45 percent (CNN/ USA Today /Gallup), 49 to 42 percent (CBS), 47 to 43 percent (Fox News), and 52 to 43 percent (ABC/ Washington Post ). Post-convention polls in battleground states show similar results. ...
U.S.: Blast Consistent with N.Korea Explanation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday.
Putin backs Gazprom deal Russian president Vladimir Putin backs plans to end restrictions on the foreign ownership of shares in energy giant Gazprom.
U.S. Companies Plan to Continue Hiring More American companies expect to add jobs in the fourth quarter than a year ago, even as they remain cautious about hiring, a new survey said.
Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers JERUSALEM - Senior Israeli Cabinet ministers Tuesday approved the payment of cash advances to Jewish settlers who will be removed from their homes under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to leave the Gaza Strip - the government's first concrete step toward withdrawal.    The 9-1 vote in the Security Cabinet gave a boost to Sharon, who faces growing opposition...
Stocks Are Mixed on Lower Retail Sales NEW YORK - A surge in oil prices and a disappointing report on retail sales prompted investors to cash in some profits Tuesday, keeping stocks narrowly mixed.    With Hurricane Ivan threatening oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico, crude futures moved higher for the second straight day, renewing investors' fears of a further drop-off in consumer spending due to higher gasoline prices...
Alcoa to Declare Force Majeure Aluminum producer Alcoa Inc. on Tuesday said it plans to declare force majeure to its customers because of a temporary shutdown of its alumina plant in Jamaica and damage to its seaport from Hurricane Ivan 
Yahoo to acquire Musicmatch for \$160m Yahoo! Inc. on Tuesday announced plans to acquire online music service Musicmatch Inc. in a cash deal valued at US\$160 million. It #39;s Yahoo #39;s maneuver to become a player in the online digital music download 
Jackman, Blues reach deal ahead of looming lockout Barret Jackman, the last of the Blues left to sign before the league #39;s probable lockout on Wednesday, finalized a deal Monday that is rare in the current economic climate but fitting for him.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins continue their pursuit of the National League wild card spot, as they continue a five-game series against the Montreal Expos.
Checks on hostage claim ALMOST 24 hours after an insurgent group said it had captured two Australian security guards in Iraq, the Government was still unable to confirm or deny the claim.
Analysis: Tensions over northern Iraq Not for the first time, events in Iraq are straining relations between two traditionally close allies, Turkey and the United States.
 #39;Bug #39; found in Sinn Fein offices A bugging device has been discovered at Sinn Fein #39;s offices in west Belfast, the party said. The listening equipment was found after staff searched all premises following an earlier find at the home of a member 
Criticism over new proposal on working hours The European Commission has proposed strict limitations on the opt-out clause from the so-called Working Time Directive, which would give workers in the European Union the right to refuse to work more than 48 hours per week.
INTERVIEW: IBM Eyes Half of China's Computer Market  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  is reaping the rewards of a decade-long push into China's  business computer market and is eyeing upward of a 50 percent  share, China General Manager Henry Chow said.
OPEC Members Split on Increasing Output VIENNA, Austria - Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries were divided Tuesday on whether output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause prices to drop.
Tech firms pitch new options plan NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - A band of tech companies will present an alternative method for valuing stock options that would provide lower expenses to the companies than legislation currently under review, according to a report published Tuesday.
Rain dominates Day 2 in Beijing Beijing, China (Sports Network) - American Taylor Dent was one of only two winners on a rainy Tuesday at the inaugural \$500,000 China Open.
Israel intensifies land seizures Israel has stepped up annexation of Palestinian farms and fields in various parts of the West Bank, ignoring a landmark ruling by the International Court of Justice in the Hague.
Yahoo Pumps Up the Volume with MusicMatch Acquisition Yahoo Pumps Up the Volume with MusicMatch Acquisition\\Yahoo and Musicmatch, Inc. today announced they have signed a definitive agreement under which Yahoo will acquire Musicmatch for a purchase price of approximately \$160 million in cash. The combination will substantially increase Yahoo's music reach from 12.9 million to an estimated 23 ...
US: Blast Consistent with N.Korea Explanation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
OPEC Weighs Output Increase Members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries were divided Tuesday on whether output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause prices to drop.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for \$160 Million in Cash Yahoo said today that it agreed to buy Web-based digital music and software provider Musicmatch, in a deal which will supplement the offerings of Yahoo's digital music site.
2007 target for digital TV switch The UK's switch to digital television could begin as soon as 2007, according the media watchdog Ofcom.
Kenyan ex-ruling party says sorry Uhuru Kenyatta, leader of Kenya's former ruling party, apologises for mistakes made over the past 40 years.
UK 'hiding Zimbabwe bankers' President Robert Mugabe accuses the UK of sheltering three bankers accused of corruption.
Sharon death threats spark probe Israeli police examine death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, amid mounting opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.
Coming Soon: Mobile TV Cell phone manufacturers are teaming up to bring mobile television to your handset.
IBM offers RFID services for manufacturers Big Blue also introduces radio tag services for midsize suppliers working under mandates from retail giants such as Wal-Mart.
Russia to take control of gas giant Gazprom MOSCOW : Russia moved to bolster its role in the strategic energy sector as gas giant Gazprom said it would acquire state oil firm Rosneft, handing the government control of the world #39;s largest gas producer.
UPDATE 2-Real estate carries Intrawest back to profit Ski resort developer Intrawest Corp. (ITW.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (IDR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) jumped back into profit in the fourth quarter on greater contributions 
Yahoo to buy Musicmatch for \$160 million Yahoo said Tuesday that it is acquiring digital music specialist Musicmatch for \$160 million in cash. The Sunnyvale, Calif.-based company said the buyout would help it expand its presence in the simmering 
IBM offers RFID services for manufacturers update IBM on Tuesday announced two new sets of radio frequency identification services, targeting companies in the industrial and manufacturing sectors, as well as midsize retail suppliers.
Oakland Athletics Team Report - September 14 (Sports Network) - The Oakland Athletics try to strengthen their hold atop the American League West this evening when they start a four-game series with the Texas Rangers at the Coliseum.
Florida Marlins Team Report - September 14 (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins continue their pursuit of the National League wild card spot, as they continue a five-game series against the Montreal Expos.
Malaysian party won #39;t have Anwar back Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said leaders of Malaysia #39;s ruling party unanimously agreed to stop former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim from rejoining, a day before a crucial court ruling that could clear his return to politics.
Iraqi president seeks NATO help IRAQ #39;S President Ghazi Yawar arrived in Brussels today for talks with NATO and EU officials on how they can help his war-scarred country.
Former Football Great Glenn Presnell Dies (AP) AP - Glenn Presnell, who starred for the Detroit Lions in the 1930s and later spent 28 years as a college head coach and athletic director, is dead at 99.
Hollywood's Lion Kings (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - All the headlines this morning make clear that Sony Corp. is buying one \\of the most famous studios in Hollywood, but it's Comcast Corp. and the \\future delivery of entertainment content that may make this corporate merger more meaningful to consumers.
This Date in Baseball for Sept. 15 (AP) AP - 1912  #151; Joe Wood of the Boston Red Sox pitched his 16th consecutive victory to tie Walter Johnson's record as he beat the St. Louis Browns 2-1.
Checking In, Sir? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - This year Andrew Harper's Hideaway Report celebrates 25 years of grand deception. The popular newsletter's creator and editor in chief, whose real name is known but to God (and his wife), has paid his own way at thousands of hotels worldwide and published his impressions without fear or favor. We recently met him at a secure location in downtown Manhattan.
Direction-Free Data Sends Treasuries Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices ticked lower on  Tuesday in a classic "buy-the-rumor, sell-the-fact" reaction as  a reading on U.S. retail consumption proved not as weak as some  in the market had been betting.
US House slams Syria on rights (AFP) AFP - The US House of Representatives has unanimously adopted a resolution expressing concern about human rights in Syria.
U.S.: Blast Consistent with N.Korea Explanation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday.
Judge Says Milosevic Behavior Almost 'Puerile'  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - A top judge accused Slobodan  Milosevic of behavior verging on the "puerile" Tuesday after  wrangling with the court about its decision to force him to  accept defense lawyers because of his ill health.
Saudis balk at quota increase No. 1 exporter pledges to hold production levels but is wary of boosting quotas and glutting market. VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC is keeping its foot on the production pedal in a bid to drag down oil prices, but 
Sendo ends legal dispute with Microsoft UK mobile handset manufacturer Sendo has ended a long legal wrangle with US software company Microsoft through an out-of-court settlement.
Proxim and Symbol make nice com September 14, 2004, 9:12 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Alcoa restarts Jamaica plant but suspends contracts Alcoa Inc. is restarting its Jamalco alumina refinery in Jamaica after the plant escaped serious damage from Hurricane Ivan. But Alcoa said damage elsewhere in the country was leading it to declare force majeure on supply contracts.
UN to help tackle Iraq pollution The United Nations Environment Programme (Unep) has said it will help Iraq clean up the toxic pollution caused by a decade of conflict.
Enter your e-mail: We #39;re going through a spate of acquisitions of interesting small companies by portal behemoths, what with Google buying Picasa, AOL snapping up MailBlocks, and Yahoo grabbing OddPost.
Nokia mobiles to be SD card capable Nokia is adding Secure Digital (SD) memory card capabilities to its range of mobile phones. It already uses MultiMediaCards (MMC) to add in games and third party software on its phones.
Microsoft Extends Visual Studio Line Microsoft (Quote, Chart) announced another entry in its line of .NET development tools, adding Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition to the mix.
Borland #39;s Pitch:  #39;Software Delivery Optimization #39; As more software development companies find ways to simplify the application development process, Borland Software (Quote, Chart) is unveiling a new software delivery optimization (SDO) model built around that concept.
Cisco Intros Service Routers SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Cisco Systems today announced a new line of integrated services routers, the industrys first routers to deliver secure, wire-speed data, voice, video and other advanced services to 
Frustrating draw for Saints BOTH Charlton and Southampton are rueing the two points lost from this morning #39;s 0-0 Premiership draw. Said Charlton  #39;keeper Dean Kiely, who made the vital stop that helped preserve a point for the Addicks:  #39;It was a bit frustrating for us.
FIFA wins six-year legal battle Six years after launching a legal battle over unauthorised use of its World Cup trademark FIFA, soccer #39;s world governing body, has won its case against a Spanish and Portuguese language US internet network.
Judge Says Milosevic Behavior Almost  #39;Puerile #39; A top judge accused Slobodan Milosevic of behavior verging on the  quot;puerile quot; Tuesday after wrangling with the court about its decision to force him to accept defense lawyers because of his ill health.
Office Depot cuts profit forecast Office Depot Inc. warned Tuesday of weaker-than-expected profits for the rest of the year because of disruptions from the string of hurricanes in Florida and poor sales in the rest of North America and in Europe.
Ivan Crimps Jamaican Alumina Production Production at several alumina refineries in Jamaica has been reduced and shipments slowed due to damage caused by Hurricane Ivan, which battered the island over the weekend, several companies said Tuesday.
Nokia to offer Secure Digital card capability in its devices LONDON, September 14 (New Ratings) - Nokia (NOA3.ETR) has decided to enable the use of SD (Secure Digital) memory cards in its mobile devices.
Microsoft, Polycom work on collaboration apps Companies to create real-time, rich-media collaboration for Windows Messenger users and later for Office Live Meeting users.
ElBaradei Says Unclear if Iran Nuke Plans Peaceful  VIENNA (Reuters) - It is unclear if Iran's nuclear  ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm  evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as  Washington asserts, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said Tuesday.
Italy Drums Up Arab Support to Free Iraq Hostages  DOHA, Qatar (Reuters) - Italy's Foreign Minister Franco  Frattini, on a Gulf tour to try to save two Italian women  hostages in Iraq, Tuesday called for their release but said  Rome would never listen to any kidnappers threats.
Cricket: Sri Lanka survive scare Sri Lanka struggle to a four-wicket win over a gallant Zimbabwe side at the Champions Trophy.
Proxim and Symbol make nice The two companies reach a settlement and sign a cross-licensing agreement, ending years of litigation over patent infringement.\
TB patient medicine test unveiled A test can tell if TB patients have stopped taking their medicine, which increases the risk of drug resistant strains.
Congressman Pledges to Set Aside Partisanship as C.I.A. Chief Porter Goss pledged to Congress today that he would conduct business in a nonpartisan way and would cooperate with lawmakers.
'Excuse Me. May I Have Your Seat?' Thirty years ago, first-year graduate students boarded a crowded train and asked someone for a seat. What happens when you repeat the experiment?
CIA Nominee Goss Vows to Be Bipartisan WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to be CIA director, Rep. Porter Goss, told critics who say he's too partisan for the job that he understands the importance of independent, objective intelligence, despite his nearly 16 years as a Republican partisan in Congress...
Stocks Are Mixed on Surge in Oil Prices NEW YORK - A surge in oil prices and a disappointing report on retail sales kept stocks narrowly mixed in light trading Tuesday as many investors stayed on the sidelines.    With Hurricane Ivan threatening oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico, crude futures moved higher for the second straight day, renewing investors' fears of a further drop-off in consumer spending due to higher gasoline prices...
Ireland in Internet Slow Lane, Say Eircom Rivals (Reuters) Reuters - High-speed access to Ireland's \information superhighway is being denied to many because their\telephone lines are simply not up to the task, critics claim.
IBM, LG Electronics to End Joint Venture (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will end an eight-year alliance that helped expand the U.S. computer maker's presence in the booming South Korean PC market.
French appeals court confirms acquittal of Diana photographers (AFP) AFP - A French appeals court acquitted three photographers of charges they broke privacy laws by photographing Diana, Princess of Wales the night of her fatal accident in Paris in 1997.
Nokia Embraces SD Memory Cards (PC World) PC World - Upcoming mobile phones will support Secure Digital flash memory.
Stocks Near Flat, Worry Over Oil Spike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on  Tuesday as investors worried corporate profits would be hurt by  rising oil prices, driven higher as Hurricane Ivan threatened  to disrupt oil production.
Ivan Crimps Jamaican Alumina Production  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Production at several alumina  refineries in Jamaica has been reduced and shipments slowed due  to damage caused by Hurricane Ivan, which battered the island  over the weekend, several companies said Tuesday.
Casey Defends Decision to Fire Caddie  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - European Ryder Cup  rookie Paul Casey has defended his decision to sack his caddie  five days before the start of the biggest team event in the  sport.
Kerry Questions Bush's Honesty on Health Care, Iraq (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic candidate John Kerry on\Tuesday sought the upper hand in his battle over character and\leadership with President Bush, by questioning his Republican\rival's honesty on issues from health care to Iraq.
Poor weather hits US shoppers US retail sales fell 0.3 in August as rising energy costs and bad weather persuaded shoppers to reduce their spending.
Proxim settles patent lawsuit with Symbol SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Wireless networking provider Proxim Corp., today announced that it has reached a settlement agreement with Symbol Technologies Inc.
Putin backs Gazprom shares deal Russian president Vladimir Putin has backed plans to end restrictions on the foreign ownership of shares in Russian energy giant Gazprom.
Update 3: Yahoo Buying Musicmatch for \$160 Million Yahoo Inc. is buying online jukebox provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in a deal designed to broaden the Internet giant #39;s appeal with the growing audience of consumers who buy songs off the Web.
IBM Introduces New Entry-Level Linux Servers In the past, IBM has offered Linux as an option on its pSeries Power4 line, and has also offered Linux in certain partitions on its iSeries products.
IBM Contributes Speech Recognition Software to Open Source IBM will donate key speech-recognition software to the open-source Apache Foundation in hopes of promoting standardization in speech-enabled applications.
Sri Lanka should be easy pickings Modest mission accomplished against Zimbabwe, England are through to what is in effect a quarter-final against Sri Lanka at the Rose Bowl on Friday.
Dent tops Luczak to win at China Open Taylor Dent defeated Australian qualifier Peter Luczak 6-3, 6-2 in a rain-delayed first-round match at the China Open on Tuesday. In another completed match before rain postponed play, Israel #39;s 
 #39;Sparky #39; Could Energise Rovers Mark Hughes career as a player and international manager has been characterised by a battling nature and win-at-all-costs attitude.
Yahoo Flexes Its Music Muscle The internet's most heavily trafficked site is muscling in on the online music sector through its acquisition of Musicmatch in a \$160 million deal announced Tuesday.
News: Virus writers add network sniffer to worm Virus writers have grafted a network sniffer into the latest variant of the SDBot worm series.
News: Hackers Join Homeland Security Effort IDAHO FALLS, Idaho -- Jason Larsen types in a few lines of computer code to hack into the controls of a nearby chemical plant. Then he finds an online video\camera inside and confirms that he has pumped up a pressure value.
Proxim, Symbol settle in patent case The two companies reach a settlement and sign a cross-licensing agreement, ending years of litigation over patent infringement.\
WPP #39;s Mega Ad Buy What are weekends for? In the mergers and acquisitions game, it is usually meant for structuring mega deals. That was the case with WPP Group #39;s (Nasdaq: WPPGY) \$1.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch Web Service for \$160 Million (Update4) Yahoo! Inc., owner of the world #39;s most-visited Internet site, will buy Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million to spur sales of music downloads and compete with rivals including Apple Computer Inc.
Sara Lee Wrestles With RFID, Looks for Benefits SEPTEMBER 13, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Sara Lee Corp. is testing radio frequency identification tags on some product cases and shipping pallets to meet a mandate that RFID technology be used on goods sent to 
Does Intel still hold the high ground? There #39;s been a fair amount of debate recently about whether AMD or Intel is winning the ever-present chip arms race. Based on the experience of this year #39;s Intel Developer Forum (IDF), I #39;m not sure that Intel can still claim to be in the lead.
Sports: Rangers reliever arrested over stadium incident OAKLAND, Calif. Texas reliever Frank Francisco has been arrested by Oakland police on a charge of aggravated battery. He threw a chair into the stands during the ninth inning of last night #39;s game in Oakland, injuring two spectators.
UPDATE 1-Cricket-Sri Lanka v Zimbabwe scoreboard  Cricket-Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by four wickets September 14, 2004 16:25:04 LONDON, Sept 14 (Reuters) - Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by four wickets in their ICC Champions Trophy Pool D match at The Oval on Tuesday.
Tennis: Dent Advances in China Open Seventh seed Taylor Dent of the United States has eased past Australian Peter Luczak in the first round of the rain-interrupted China Open at the Beijing Tennis Center.
Hughes wants Blackburn Rovers Football Club job Mark Hughes is reportedly keen on becoming the new manager of Blackburn Rovers Football Club. The Ewood Park club have been looking for a new boss since Graeme Souness left for Newcastle United last week, and 
Gaza settlers to receive up to 300,000 dollars per family: radio JERUSALEM - Jewish settlers who are to be evacuated from the Gaza Strip under terms of Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharons disengagement plan are to receive between 200,000 to 300,000 dollars per family, Israel army radio reported Tuesday.
Al-Qaida Linked Group Claims Responsibility for Police Slaughter Iraqi police suffered two mortal blows today in attacks that left at least 59 people dead and more than 120 injured. The major attack - a car bomb blast near a Baghdad police station, was claimed by an al-Qaida linked terror group.
Software Tackles Digital Photo Proliferation (Reuters) Reuters - Now that digital cameras have overtaken\film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a\familiar problem -- what to do with the bulging image files and\folders filling up computer hard drives?
Oracle Eyes PeopleSoft as Meat on the Hoof Opinion: According to its president, Oracle has a clear idea of how it #39;s going to slice up PeopleSoft to retain the choicest assets and send the rest to the corporate rendering yard.
Sterling recovers from inflation-rate pressure (AFP) AFP - Sterling bulked up some by the end of the session. Earlier the pound had been on the backfoot after softer than expected inflation numbers for August cemented expectations that the Bank of England's rate-setting Monetary Policy Committee may not raise the cost of borrowing too much further from its current 4.75 percent.
Nigeria opposes OPEC oil quota increase, wants higher price band (AFP) AFP - Nigeria opposes an increase in OPEC's production quota but wants the 11-member cartel to lift an official price band to be more in line with market reality, the country's top oil official said.
N.Korea not ready to resume nuclear talks: Russia (AFP) AFP - Russia said that it did not expect North Korea to agree to resume faltering six-way talks about its nuclear weapons program as scheduled this month.
Sony Close to Acquiring MGM The planned \$3 billion deal would give Sony a library of more than 4,100 titles. Also: Vivendi says its recovery is almost complete, despite large losses   hellip;. Canon and Toshiba team up to produce next-generation flat display panels   hellip;. and more.
UPDATE 1-Sri Lanka stutter to win over plucky Zimbabwe Tillakaratne Dilshan steered Sri Lanka to a scratchy four-wicket win over Zimbabwe in their Champions Trophy match at the Oval on Tuesday but the Africans go home with pride restored after a spirited performance.
US Congress Remembers Victims of Terrorism in Russia The US Congress has been paying tribute to the hundreds of people killed in the terrorist takeover of a school in southern Russia, as well as other recent incidents in that country.
S. Korea Seeks To Verify N. Korea Blast South Korean officials said Tuesday they were trying to verify North Korea #39;s claim that a huge explosion last week was caused by the demolition of a mountain for a hydroelectric project.
Israeli ministers approve pullout fund (updated AM 00:41) Israel #39;s security Cabinet approved a budget of US\$550 million to US\$670 million on Tuesday to compensate thousands of Jewish settlers set to be removed from occupied Gaza and parts of the West Bank.
Yahoo snaps up net music service Yahoo buys the online jukebox provider MusicMatch to tap into the appetite for song downloads.
Software Tackles Digital Photo Proliferation  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Now that digital cameras have overtaken  film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a  familiar problem -- what to do with the bulging image files and  folders filling up computer hard drives?
UPDATE 1-McDonald #39;s boosts annual dividend 38 pct McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday raised its annual dividend by 38 percent, a move the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalization.
Novell lays out infrastructure, identity wares This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. Novell on Monday used its annual 
Intel Shows Mystery Dual-Core Desktop Chip Well, Intel did say - dismissively of course - that wasn #39;t going to try to match AMD #39;s little dual-core Opteron demo coup of last week and show off a dual-core Xeon at the Intel Developer Forum this week and - as good as its word - it didn #39;t.
Davis dismisses report Lee Suggs has been cleared to practice beginning Wednesday after missing the last two games with a neck injury. Coach Butch Davis said a report on ESPN speculating Suggs has stenosis, which is a narrowing of the spinal column, is untrue.
Verdict favors World Trade Center leaseholder Real estate developer Larry Silverstein, who envisions replacing all the commercial office space destroyed in the September 11, 2001, terrorist attack on the World Trade Center, won a court victory Monday that may help him do so.
Nokia joins secure digital memory card group The mobile phone maker will support tiny data storage devices and their multimedia cards.
Charles Schwab Corp. to Pay \$350,000 Fine  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Charles Schwab Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SCH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SCH.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said it had agreed to pay a fine of \$350,000 to settle  SEC enforcement proceedings related to the processing of mutual  fund orders.
Johnny Cash items up for auction More than 650 items belonging to Johnny Cash and his wife June Carter Cash are being auctioned in New York.
Adjusting on the Fly Joe Gibbs and the Redskins are the only team to have a referee on staff to, among other things, help review replay challenges during games.
Suggs to Practice Cleveland Browns running back Lee Suggs has been cleared by doctors to return to practice this week. However, there is still some haziness about his medical condition.
Underage Teens Turn Profit on Old Beer OSLO, Norway - Confronting a grocery store with its promise to pay shoppers a bonus if they found any products with expired freshness dates, two enterprising teens turned a 7,000 kroner (\$1,030) profit by loading up shopping carts with out-of-date beer they weren't old enough to buy.    The boys, ages 14 and 15, got their reward despite being underage, the Oslo daily Verdens Gang reported Tuesday...
Insurgents Target Iraqi Police; 59 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb Tuesday ripped through a busy market near a Baghdad police headquarters where Iraqis were waiting to apply for jobs on the force, and gunmen opened fire on a van carrying police home from work in Baqouba, killing at least 59 people total and wounding at least 114.    The attacks were the latest attempts by militants to wreck the building of a strong Iraqi security force, a keystone of the U.S...
Hurricane Ivan blows price of oil higher US crude leapt about \$1.50-a-barrel yesterday as petroleum giants evacuated thousands of workers from the Gulf of Mexico ahead of Hurricane Ivan.
Weinsteins look to stay with Disney The brothers who founded and run Disney Corp. #39;s Miramax Films unit are sticking together, The New York Post is reporting. Harvey and Bob Weinstein now hope to work things with out with Disney, and stay within the Disney fold, the report stated.
Sony Close to Acquiring MGM Sony is a step closer to acquiring famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in a \$3 billion deal that would give it a considerable library of more than 4,100 titles.
Lazarus Disappearing From Western Pa. Federated Department Stores says its regional chains will begin operating under the Macy #39;s name in January. Do you think changing the names of Federated stores to Macy #39;s is a good idea?
Yahoo agrees to buy Musicmatch for \$160 mn NEW YORK, September 14 (New Ratings) - Yahoo! Inc (YHOO.NAS) has agreed to acquire Musicmatch Inc, a privately held digital music software company, for about \$160 million in cash.
Nokia joins secure digital memory card group With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
News and Trends There is currently some confusion over the status of Sender ID in the IETF #39;s MARID working group which has been considering the proposed standard.
Hot Rod Job For SpaceShipOne rwven writes  quot;MSNBC is reporting that the engine on SpaceShipOne has been modified to provide more thrust, for a longer amount of time.
Borland titanic effort to link software with business need Borland Software Corp. has laid-out a product roadmap and strategy to better align customers #39; Application Lifecycle Management processes with their changing business needs, helping deliver what it called  quot;Enterprise Resource Planning quot; for software.
UPDATE 2-Sri Lanka stutter to win over plucky Zimbabwe Tillakaratne Dilshan steered Sri Lanka to a scratchy four-wicket win over Zimbabwe in their Champions Trophy match at the Oval on Tuesday but the Africans go home with pride restored after a spirited performance.
Things heat up for A #39;s, Rangers Texas reliever Frank Francisco needed just one dangerous throw to overshadow an exciting back-and-forth game with a playoff atmosphere.
DESCHAMPS - MONACO NOT AS STRONG Monaco coach Didier Deschamps admits Liverpool will face a weaker side on Wednesday than the one which reached last season #39;s Champions League final.
No deal, but I #39;ll work for unity: Anwar KUALA LUMPUR (AFP) - Malaysia #39;s former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim has reiterated that there was no political deal to secure his freedom from prison but has promised to work for unity in Malaysia.
Nokia joins Secure Digital industry group The mobile phone maker will support tiny data storage devices and their multimedia cards.
Kroger #39;s 2Q Earnings Drop Almost \$50M CINCINNATI Sept. 14, 2004 - The Kroger Co., one of the nation #39;s largest operators of supermarkets, reported Tuesday that its second-quarter earnings fell almost \$50 million from a year ago, hurt by debt charges and the southern California strike.
Charles Schwab fined \$350,000 Charles Schwab Corp. said Tuesday it has agreed to pay a fine of \$350,000 related to the processing of certain mutual fund orders.
Sun trims fourth-quarter earnings by \$12M SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Sun Microsystems Inc. trimmed its fourth-quarter and full-year 2004 results this week to incorporate the final accounting of asset retirement obligations and its settlement with Microsoft Corp.
Yahoo Buying Musicmatch Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) is buying online jukebox provider Musicmatch Inc. for \$160 million in a deal designed to broaden the Internet giant's appeal with the growing audience of consumers who buy songs off the Web.
IETF Nixes Microsoft Sender ID Approach Forrester Research analyst Jonathan Penn said that even if competing standards emerge, the rise of more advanced e-mail validation technology will likely be one of the most powerful tools against spam.
Beefed-up motor will boost SpaceShipOne A beefed-up motor will boost the power of a rocket vying for the \$10 million human space flight prize. SpaceShipOne became the first privately funded craft to carry a person to the edge of space in June.
MyDoom Virus Writing Not a Resume Builder  quot;There #39;s no way anyone would hire them to fight viruses, quot; said Sophos security analyst Gregg Mastoras.  quot;For one, no security firm could maintain its reputation by employing hackers.
Zimbabwe heads held high Zimbabwe are out of the Champions Trophy but captain Tatenda Taibu said they will leave England with their heads held high. The inexperienced side came close to beating Sri Lanka in the second game in group 
Andreychuk Back With Bolts TAMPA - The Lightning have signed captain Dave Andreychuk to a one-year contract, the Stanley Cup champions announced today. Terms were not disclosed.
Ivan slaps west Cuba and stomps into gulf Hurricane Ivan #39;s massiveness can be seen in this view of the storm from the international space station. The photograph was made Saturday when Ivan was over the Caribbean.
Car bomb explodes in Baghdad A car bomb exploded near a police station in the Iraqi capital early today as dozens of Iraqis were applying to join the force, killing at least 47 people and wounding 114, officials said.
USA: Kroger reports lower Q2 earnings US grocery retailer Kroger has reported lower second-quarter net earnings, hit by the early redemption of debt and the continuing after-effects of the labour dispute in Southern California.
Symbol Tech, Proxim Settle Lawsuit Hand-held computer and scanner maker Symbol Technologies Inc. and wireless network equipment maker Proxim Corp. settled their patent dispute, the companies said Tuesday.
NASD Says Do Your Homework On 529 Plans NEW YORK - The NASD urges investors to do their homework before buying a 529 College Savings Plan. Fees, expenses, tax incentives and returns vary from state to state, and investors therefore should look for 
Tech stocks lead the way WALL Street #39;s broad market indicators ended nearly flat today after an early rally attempt ran out of steam, but tech stocks held on for solid gains.
Yahoo to acquire Musicmatch Internet portal Yahoo, Inc., of Sunnyvale, says it #39;s buying Musicmatch, Inc., of San Diego, which sells personalized music software and services, for about \$160 million in cash.
Ibm Expands Rfid Offerings with Services for Mid-Market and CHICAGO - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ept. 14, 2004  -ay IBM announced a broad suite of services to speed the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial companies and mid-market businesses.
Computer worm  #39;sniffs #39; out passwords The first computer worm to eavesdrop on network traffic after it infects a computer has been discovered by security experts. The SDBot.
Sony begins mass production of OLED screens com September 14, 2004, 10:45 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
IETF deals Microsoft #39;s e-mail proposal a setback A proposed technology for identifying the source of e-mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the IETF established to study the proposal sent it back for more work, citing concerns over vague intellectual property claims made by 
Microsoft #39;s Visual Studio Release 2005: Everybody in .NET Microsoft this week previewed its upcoming Visual Studio 2005 Standard Edition, which will ship next year. The company says the tool will help software developers in small to mid-size organizations 
Lightning re-sign Andreychuk Tampa, FL (Sports Network) - The Tampa Bay Lightning have re-signed captain Dave Andreychuk to a one-year deal. In accordance with team policy, financial terms of the contract were not disclosed.
Florida State won #39;t pull plug on Rix after Miami loss On second thought, Florida State has opted against using its second option at quarterback. After three days of meetings, debate and some 
Wednesday NHL lockout seems inevitable After failing to make any progress toward a new collective bargaining agreement, the NHL owners and players agreed on one point: A lockout seems inevitable.
Nedved just taking a break from international play Prague, Czech Republic (Sports Network) - Juventus star and Czech national team captain Pavel Nedved will sit out international matches until he completely recovers from a knee injury, even though he is still playing for his club team Juventus.
Arab ministers avoid UN resolution on Lebanon Arab foreign ministers agreed on Tuesday to avoid a position on United Nations intervention in the Syrian-Lebanese relationship after Syria and Jordan disagreed on the right approach.
Allied Waste lowers earnings forecast a second time Shares of Allied Waste Industries Inc. opened lower Tuesday following another pullback in earnings expectations. The Scottsdale-based waste hauler Tuesday cut its 2004 earnings forecast for the second time 
Yahoo buys Musicmatch for 160 million dollars Internet portal Yahoo is looking to boost its music offerings with the purchase of Musicmatch for 160 million dollars. The all-cash deal is intended to give Yahoo increased 
New RFID Services Based On IBM #39;s Own Tagging Projects RFID work done at an IBM chip factory becomes the basis for a new line of consulting services. By Laurie Sullivan. IBM is introducing a line of radio-frequency identification services for midmarket companies 
Nokia joins Secure Digital industry group Nokia on Tuesday said it has joined an industry group working on technical and specification standards for Secure Digital memory card applications.
Steve Smith Has Surgery; Panthers Seek 2 (AP) AP - Steve Smith had surgery Tuesday on his broken left leg, leaving the Carolina Panthers searching for replacements for their top receiver and punt returner.
Indians Promote Right-Hander Kyle Denney (AP) AP - The Cleveland Indians called up right-hander Kyle Denney to start Tuesday night against Detroit.
Lightning Re-Sign Captain Andreychuk (AP) AP - The Tampa Bay Lightning re-signed captain Dave Andreychuk to a one-year contract Tuesday.
Hurricanes Hurt Office Depot's Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Office Depot Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ODP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ODP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  warned that profit for the rest of the year would fall short of  forecasts because of the string of hurricanes in Florida and  poor sales elsewhere, sending its stock down 6.5 percent.
Kroger Profit Falls, Warns on Sales  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kroger Co. on Tuesday posted a 25  percent drop in quarterly profit and warned it may miss a key  2004 sales target because of lingering woes from a Southern  California strike, sending its shares down sharply.
Dollar Slips on Current Account Deficit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was on the defensive on  Tuesday as data showing the U.S. current account deficit  ballooned to a new record in the second quarter put further  downward pressure on the U.S. currency.
KLM, Northwest And Continental Join Skyteam Alliance NEW YORK, Sept 13 (AFP) - The Skyteam airline alliance announced Monday that Dutch airline KLM and US carriers Northwest and Continental will join from Wednesday, making it the second biggest in the world behind the Star Alliance.
Ryder-Monty is Europe #39;s likely trump card - Clarke Europe are banking on another talismanic display from Colin Montgomerie at this week #39;s Ryder Cup, according to his team mate Darren Clarke.
Iraqi pipeline blown up Saboteurs have blown up a junction where multiple oil pipelines cross the Tigris River in northern Iraq. The blast has caused a fire that could take three days to extinguish.
Grocer Takes a Tumble Labor problems and debt retirement contribute to Kroger's second-quarter slip.
New U.S. Offensive Could Backfire in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Fierce guerrilla attacks in Iraq and  U.S. assaults on rebel bastions have unleashed a new wave of  bloodshed that threatens to discredit the interim government  and undermine prospects for fair elections in January.
Economy-Stock Market Link Can Be Confusing (AP) AP - The link between the stock market and the economy sometimes can sound like the chicken and the egg scenario  #151; Which comes first?
Jordan launches Internet network to link state universities (AFP) AFP - Jordan has launched a broadband Internet network to link eight state universities in an initiative unveiled on the sidelines of a two-day IT forum that got underway.
Dollar dips on US current account concerns (AFP) AFP - The dollar dipped amid concerns about the US position with the rest of the world following data showing a record current account deficit in the second quarter.
Schwab Paying  #36;350,000 Fine in Settlement (AP) AP - Brokerage Charles Schwab  amp; Co. has agreed to pay a  #36;350,000 civil fine to settle federal regulators' allegations that it illegally allowed certain customers to change mutual fund trade orders after the market's close.
Tropical Storm Jeanne Forms in Atlantic (AP) AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne formed Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean Tuesday and was expected to hit Puerto Rico with strong wind and heavy rain by Wednesday morning.
Malaysian Ruling Party Rejects Anwar (AP) AP - The leaders of Malaysia's ruling party unanimously refused Tuesday to allow one-time rising star Anwar Ibrahim to rejoin the organization, a day before a crucial court ruling that could clear his return to politics.
Experts Link Some Drugs to Teen Suicide  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - The use of some antidepressant  drugs appears linked to an increase in suicidal behavior in  some children and teen-agers, a U.S. advisory panel concluded  on Tuesday.
Are Polar Bears Suffering from Industry Chemicals? (Reuters) Reuters - New evidence shows that polar bears are\suffering from industrial chemicals swept to the Arctic from\nations thousands of miles to the south, the WWF global\conservation organization said on Monday.
Cocaine-use charges send Bush book soaring up bestseller lists (AFP) AFP - Allegations that US President George W. Bush snorted cocaine at Camp David while his father was in office have fuelled sales of a new, gossip-filled book about the Bush family by controversial celebrity biographer Kitty Kelley.
Syria, Lebanon Reject Foreign Criticism of Ties (Reuters) Reuters - Syria and Lebanon rejected any outside\role in shaping their relations Sunday, a day after a top State\Department official said Damascus should pull its troops from\its small neighbor.
Colombia Indians rally for peace Thousands of Colombia's indigenous Indians call on rebels and paramilitaries to respect their lands.
Office Depot Misses School Hurricanes, weak back-to-school sales, and weak European business bring an earnings warning.
In Senate Hearing, Goss Pledges Nonpartisanship Porter J. Goss, President Bush's nominee to head the Central Intelligence Agency, promised his full cooperation with lawmakers.
Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers JERUSALEM - Israeli Cabinet ministers approved cash advances Tuesday of up to \$115,000 to Jewish settlers willing to leave their homes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank - the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's contentious pullout plan.    In a sign of growing tensions, Israeli police said Sharon and an official planning the withdrawal have been the targets of death threats by Jewish extremists...
FDA Eyes Rules on Child Anti-Depressants WASHINGTON - Federal health advisers considering more stringent warning labels for anti-depressants linked to suicidal thoughts among children were told on Tuesday that a new warning added in March appeared to have little impact on children's use of the drugs.    Children aged 1 to 17 still account for 7 percent of anti-depressants prescribed, said Michael Evans of the Food and Drug Administration's Office of Drug Safety...
Stocks Mixed As Oil Prices Remain Higher NEW YORK - Stocks were narrowly mixed Tuesday as oil prices remained higher and Wall Street weighed a lackluster report on retail sales, but light volume showed that many investors remained on the sidelines.    With Hurricane Ivan threatening oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico, crude futures moved higher for the second straight day, but the possibility of an increase in output from OPEC took the edge off investors' concerns...
Iraq Pledges to Improve Oil Security The man in charge of Iraq #39;s massive oil sector promised to better protect infrastructure critical to production and exports as saboteurs underscored the difficulty of that task by blowing up a pipeline junction in northern Iraq.
Schwab Paying \$350,000 Fine in Settlement Brokerage Charles Schwab  amp; Co. has agreed to pay a \$350,000 civil fine to settle federal regulators #39; allegations that it illegally allowed certain customers to change mutual fund trade orders after the market #39;s close.
WPP wins  #39;750m #39; US takeover bid Advertising giant WPP is to buy US firm Grey Global, in a deal which could be worth as much as 750m (\$1.3bn). The UK-based group won the auction for Grey Global, the seventh-largest advertiser in the US, against 
Vivendi losses surge PARIS, Sept 14 (AFP) - French media giant Vivendi Universal on Tuesday reported a surge in its net loss so far this year but forecast a sharp turnaround in its finances for all of 2004.
Continental, KLM, NWA join SkyTeam Continental Airlines, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and Northwest Airlines Corp. have joined the SkyTeam Airline Alliance. This will allow passengers to accrue frequent flyer miles interchangeably 
Q2 #39;s current-account deficit widens to record \$166.2 bln CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- The dollar declined Tuesday following a Commerce Department report that showed a broad US measure of trade and investment flows swelled to a record deficit in the second quarter.
Smith Takes a Pounding AO Smith (NYSE: AOS), North America #39;s largest manufacturer of electric motors, shocked investors this morning by drastically reducing third-quarter earnings guidance to breakeven 
ALITALIA: AGREEMENT WITH PILOTS #39; UNION FALLS THROUGH (AGI) - Rome, Italy, Sep. 14 - Negotiations between Alitalia and the professional pilots #39; union have come to a dead end due to lack of agreement between ANPAC and Unione Piloti.
Symbol, Proxim settle WLAN patent case Symbol Technologies and Proxim Corporation said Tuesday (Sept. 14) that they have settled a patent infringement case focusing on wireless LAN (WLAN)technology.
Linux gets standard, makes move preserve interoperability The Free Standards Group (FSG) has announced the release of a specification that aims to help keep the Linux operating system from fragmenting and allow applications developed for one version of Linux to work on one another.
Carolina Panthers Team Report (Sports Network) - Things did not go exactly as planned for the defending NFC champs on Monday night. Opening the season in front of a raucous home crowd against the Green Bay Packers, Carolina looked nothing 
Owner of Texas Rangers issues apology after thrown-chair incident OAKLAND, Calif. The owner of the Texas Rangers has issued an apology after a fan suffered a broken nose after getting hit by a thrown chair during last night #39;s game in Oakland.
Expos reinstate Ohka, Rauch from disabled list The Montreal Expos reinstated right-handers Tomo Ohka and Jon Rauch from the 15-day disabled list Tuesday. The Expos initially though Ohka might miss the rest of the season with a broken right forearm after he was hit by a line drive June 10.
Champions League matches in Group A Spanish right sided midfielder Antonio Nunez is still missing with an ankle injury while back-up keeper Chris Kirkland is doubtful with a back problem.
ID Theft Case Yields Guilty Plea A computer technician who prosecutors said made possible the largest identity theft in U.S. history, surpassing \$50 million, pleaded guilty Tuesday to conspiracy in a scheme that poached personal information from tens of thousands of people.
New National Indian Museum Is Native by Design From the wetlands out front to the undulating exterior, Washington, D.C.'s new National Museum of the American Indian is built on native ideas. &lt;i&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/i&gt;
Bushmen Tour U.S. to Fund Court Land Fight A group of Bushmen are touring the U.S. to raise funds for a court battle against the Botswana government over ancestral lands in the Kalahari Game Reserve.
Birding Column: Shorebirds in Malibu Surfers and sunbathers aren't the only ones to crowd the beach, as birding columnist Mathew Tekulsky discovers during a visit to California's Malibu Lagoon State Beach.
Regaining Fury, Hurricane Ivan Churns Toward Cuba Hurricane Ivan will pass near or over the western tip of Cuba today. The powerful Category Five storm, which has already claimed 65 lives, will bring devastating winds and a potential storm surge of 20 feet (6 meters) or more.
Penguin Decline Due to Global Warming? Scientists are investigating whether global warming is linked to declining penguin populations on South Africa's Prince Edward Islands and Antarctica.
Worm Bins Turn Kitchen Scraps Into Compost For environmentally minded urbanites, no kitchen is complete without an accessory that treats hundreds of wriggling, red guests to dinner: a composting worm bin.
SAP hopes partnership helps ring up sales SAP America and ADP are partnering to add HR and payroll services to SAP's Business One software for small companies.
Briefly: Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives roundup Plus: Web services security outfits merge...Groups push on for TV on cell phones...Shopping.com holders cut IPO shares.
SanDisk to supply Samsung with MiniSD SanDisk announces that it plans to supply Samsung Electronics with 32MB miniSD cards for its SPH-S2300 cell phone.
Sony begins mass production of OLED screens The electronics giant has begun production of next-generation screens using organic light-emitting diode technology.
Yahoo Buys Musicmatch Company hopes the \$160 million purchase will make it a major player in the music market.
Sony Buys MGM in \$12 per share deal The Associated Press is reporting that film and television studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. has agreed to let itself be bought out by a consortium headed by Sony.
Intrawest enjoys strong finish to fiscal year Vancouver #39;s Intrawest Corp. returned to profitability in its fourth-quarter results released Tuesday as stronger results from its management services and real estate development operations made up for a poor showing from its resort operations.
Infocus: Metasploit Framework, Part 3 This third and final article in the Metasploit series covers the msfcli scripting interface as well as the intuitive web interface to the Framework. The article also discusses what's new with version 2.2, and then introduces the exploit development process through an example.
Experts Link Some Drugs to Teen Suicide (Reuters) Reuters - The use of some antidepressant\drugs appears linked to an increase in suicidal behavior in\some children and teen-agers, a U.S. advisory panel concluded\on Tuesday.
IG Metall union vows to stand strong in salary negotiations with VW (AFP) AFP - The IG Metall union pledged its determination to prevail in what is expected to be turbulent salary negotiations this week with car manufacturer Volkswagen, which is demanding large sacrifices from employees.
Carolina WR Smith Undergoes Surgery (Reuters) Reuters - Carolina\Panthers wide receiver Steve Smith underwent successful surgery\on his broken left leg Tuesday and needs at least eight weeks\to rehab.
Sabres Re-Sign Forward Andrew Peters (AP) AP - Forward Andrew Peters re-signed with the Buffalo Sabres on Tuesday.
McDonald's Raises Dividend, Shares Climb  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  raised its annual dividend 38 percent, a move the world's  largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its  revitalization.
Hurricane, Oil Worries Pressure Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks struggled to make gains on  Tuesday as oil prices rose and investors feared economic  fallout from Hurricane Ivan as it roared into the Gulf of  Mexico toward a possible landfall in the United States.
Carolina WR Smith Undergoes Surgery  CHARLOTTE, North Carolina (Sports Network) - Carolina  Panthers wide receiver Steve Smith underwent successful surgery  on his broken left leg Tuesday and needs at least eight weeks  to rehab.
Kerry Asks FEC for Recount Advice (AP) AP - Election Day is several weeks away, but Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's campaign is already considering its fund-raising options should Kerry or President Bush pursue a recount like the famous Florida ballot dispute in 2000.
Car Bomb Near Baghdad Police Headquarters Kills 47  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A huge car bomb ripped through a  crowded market near a Baghdad police headquarters Tuesday,  killing 47 people and wounding more than 110 in the deadliest  single attack in Iraq's capital in six months.
Blair Fears Climate Change Disaster, Challenges US  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.
Jacques Villeneuve to test for Mild Seven Renault F1 Team at Silverstone The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team this evening announced that French-Canadian Jacques Villeneuve will test for the team at Silverstone.
IETF deals Microsoft's e-mail proposal a setback A proposed technology for identifying the source of e-mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) established to study the proposal sent it back for more work, citing concerns over vague intellectual property claims made by Microsoft Corp. covering some of the technology.
Sun, Microsoft to Detail Interoperability Companies will demonstrate how their technology will work together.
Sony Bags a Lion Looks like Sony (NYSE: SNE) will have a lion #39;s head displayed proudly at its corporate offices. The Japanese electronics giant seems to have wrapped up the deal to purchase Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (NYSE: MGM).
Proxim, Symbol Settle Patent Dispute After months of litigation, Proxim and Symbol Technologies have finally settled their legal spat. Proxim has agreed to pay \$22.75 million, plus a 2 percent royalty on future sales of certain products.
Second-guessing the Fed Has the economy #39;s  #39;soft patch #39; passed? Is inflation about to pop? The bond market doesn #39;t think so. By Mark Gongloff, CNN/Money senior writer.
S amp;P may cut Interpublic Group of Cos corp credit Standard  amp; Poor #39;s said on Tuesday it may cut the corporate credit rating of The Interpublic Group of Cos. (IPG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) citing growing concerns over senior 
Newly released LSB 2.0 gains powerful industry ally Two non-profit organizations devoted to promoting free and open source software standards have made a cooperative agreement. The Free Standards Group (FSG) and the Open Source Development Labs (OSDL) will 
Making It Easier To Manage Heterogeneous Desktop Systems A vendor is pushing products designed to let admins manage whole infrastructures from a Windows computer. By Larry Greenemeier. In a bid to help systems administrators extend their Windows-management tools 
Volunteers sought for Mozilla preview push com September 14, 2004, 11:36 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
McCartney Rumored Apple Board Member In  quot;Mind Boggling quot; Beatles &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Variety has set the speculation machines on fire today by reporting that Apple and The Beatles are close to a settlement in the two companies #39; legal dispute.
Lightning, Andreychuk agree on 1-year deal CBC SPORTS ONLINE - As expected, the Tampa Bay Lightning are bringing back their captain, Dave Andreychuk, for another season. The Lightning on Tuesday announced the 40-year-old Andreychuk,had agreed to a one-year deal.
Trail of tragedy in the Caribbean; Yucatan coast threatened MEXICO CITY, September 13.- The number of fatalities caused by Hurricane Ivans passage through the Caribbean rose to at least 70 this Monday.
Labour peer says Blair considered quitting due to family pressures (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Fuelling persistent rumours that Tony Blair considered resigning this year, an acquaintance said Tuesday the prime minister had come under "colossal strain" at home.
Young Soccer Players Tackle Deadly Disease (AP) AP - Beverly Castriotta lost her husband to cancer two years ago. Her 12-year-old son, Joey, and his soccer teammates are doing their best to help prevent other youngsters from losing loved ones to deadly diseases.
Texas Rangers Reliever Charged with Assaulting Fan  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A Texas Rangers relief pitcher  was arrested and charged with assault after flinging a chair  into the stands and injuring a woman during a baseball game in  Oakland, California, officials said on Tuesday.
U.S. Applauds Dalai Lama Group in China (AP) AP - The State Department welcomed on Tuesday the arrival in China of a delegation representing the Dalai Lama, the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader.
Michael Jordan Morale Boost for U.S. Ryder Cup Team  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup  captain Hal Sutton enlisted the help of basketball great  Michael Jordan to boost his team's morale for this week's match  with a pep talk.
Edwards Compares Bush to Enron's Lay (AP) AP - Democrat John Edwards compared President Bush to former Enron Corp. chairman Kenneth Lay on Tuesday and predicted Bush "is going to be fired" by voters for the way he has run the country.
Israeli Settler Pay Approved, Sharon Faces Threats  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's security cabinet approved  cash advances Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate their  homes, while police investigated death threats against Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.
Blair Fears Climate Change Disaster, Challenges U.S.  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday  to force international action on global warming, despite the  reluctance of big powers like the United States.
N.Ireland's Sinn Fein Says Bugged by British  BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Sinn Fein, political  ally of the Irish Republican Army, said Tuesday it had found a  British bugging device at party offices, days before crucial  talks on Northern Ireland's future.
Where Is the Hurricane Going? Hurricane science in the new century is a mix of growing skill and persistent uncertainty, of intuition and algorithms, satellites and erasers.
IBM Expands RFID Services for Manufacturers IBM will offer a range of new services to help industrial firms respond to retail and government pressure to implement radio-frequency identification.
NHL Owners Plan to Lock Out Players Tomorrow Without New Deal Barring a last-minute contract settlement, National Hockey League owners plan to authorize a lockout of players tomorrow after the current labor agreement expires.
Sudan: Thousands of IDPs Dying Every Month - WHO Between 6,000 to 10,000 of an estimated 1.2 million internally displaced persons (IDPs) in the troubled western Sudanese region of Darfur are dying every month, the World Health Organization (WHO) said on Monday.
Chechen charged over siege RUSSIAN prosecutors charged a Chechen man with terrorism and murder in connection with the deadly hostage-taking at a school in southern Russia, the Interfax news agency reported today.
IETF deals Microsoft #39;s e-mail proposal a setback A proposed technology for identifying the source of e-mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) established to 
Firefox heats up roundup Mozilla aims for 1 million downloads of its open-source browser in the next 10 days. Also: Common ground for Linux backers.\
Briefly: SanDisk to supply Samsung with miniSD roundup Plus: Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives...Web services security outfits merge...Groups push on for TV on cell phones.
ObjectWeb plans open source BPEL server ObjectWeb will begin distributing an open source BPEL server in the coming weeks, expanding the available options for a middleware technology used to link several applications and data sources into a larger business process. It will be the second open source BPEL server released in recent weeks.
AudioFeast Launches Portable Internet Radio Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - AudioFeast, a two-year-old start-up company based in Mountain View, California, has launched what it claims is the first Internet radio service for portable \MP3 players.
Blurred Images Show Spain Explosion (AP) AP - For the first time since the Madrid train bombings, blurred images taken by closed-circuit television were published Tuesday, showing three explosions and people fleeing in panic during the first seconds of the deadly March 11 attack.
Arab League Chief: Iraq Getting Tense (AP) AP - The "gates of hell are open" in Iraq, Arab League Chief Amr Moussa said Tuesday, urging Arab leaders to make the right decisions to help their neighbor overcome the crisis.
Nokia Signs Up for SD Memory Card (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Nokia (NYSE: NOK) has signed a licensing agreement to support the use of Secure Digital (SD) flash memory cards in its \cell phones.
IBM Contributes Speech Recognition Software to Open Source (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) will contribute \speech recognition software to the \open source community in the hope of promoting standardized and compatible speech-enabled applications.
McAfee Launches Managed E-Mail Security Service (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - McAfee has launched a new service that enables small and mid-size firms to outsource their e-mail security to the U.S. antivirus software developer.
IBM Expands RFID Offerings (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has unveiled a collection of new services designed to bring the benefits of radio-frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial firms and mid-size businesses. The goal is to help smaller companies comply with mandates to adopt the technology by \Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT), the Department of Defense and other organizations.
Current Account Gap Weakens Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar slipped on Tuesday, pushed  down by a report showing the U.S. current account deficit  ballooned to a new record in the second quarter.
Nine Antidepressants Raise Suicide Concern -Panel  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - All nine antidepressants studied  by regulators raise concerns about a higher risk of suicidal  behavior in children and teens who take the drugs, a U.S.  advisory panel said on Tuesday.
FEMA: Disasters in 2004 Ahead of Average (AP) AP - With Hurricane Ivan threatening the Gulf Coast and cleanup still under way after hurricanes Charley and Frances, the Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued 42 disaster declarations so far this year.
House Panel Tackles NCAA's Sanctions (AP) AP - Champion skier Jeremy Bloom told a sympathetic congressional panel Tuesday that the NCAA cut his college football career short without giving him a fair chance to argue his case.
Jets Rookie Coleman Comes Up Big in Opener (AP) AP - New York Jets safety Erik Coleman got his souvenir football from the equipment manager and held it tightly.
Jay Haas Back Where He Least Expected (AP) AP - The Ryder Cup is a renaissance for 50-year-old Jay Haas, although redemption also comes to mind.
Schwab settles with SEC for \$350,000 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Charles Schwab  amp; Co. agreed to pay \$350,000 to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the discount broker allowed customers to trade mutual funds after hours, the company said Tuesday.
Vivendi Flashes V for Victory Vivendi (NYSE: V) is one of those complex behemoths of a firm that normally doesn #39;t make it onto my radar since, as a lazy Fool, I prefer my companies small and simple.
Study: 400,000 IT jobs lost since 2001 The information technology industry lost 403,300 jobs from the start of the recession in March 2001 to April 2004, with nearly half of those jobs disappearing after the recession #39;s official end, according to a new study.
Business Outspends Gov #39;t When It Comes To Info-Tech Services A Census Bureau survey says 60 of revenue for IT services came from business in 2Q. Agency buys accounted for just 37. By Eric Chabrow.
Atkins slims down in face of competition Atkins Nutritionals, the food company founded by the man behind the Atkins diet, is laying off workers and cutting costs in the face of mushrooming competition to supply low-carbohydrate foods.
Lazarus-Macy #39;s to become Macy #39;s Indianapolis, Sept. 14 - Starting in January you won #39;t be able to shop at a Lazarus-Macy #39;s store. Federated Department Stores plans to put all of its regional chains under its Macy #39;s brand name.
Firefox Nears Final With Feature-Complete Preview The Mozilla Foundation on Tuesday launched a version of its stand-alone Firefox browser that incorporates all the features of the final which is scheduled to ship in the fourth quarter.
IMlogic Launches Free IM, P2P Blocker IMlogic Inc. on Tuesday launched a free tool to let enterprises detect and block the use of instant messaging, peer-to-peer file sharing networks and voice-over-IP applications within their walls.
Larsson on bench at Parkhead Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard decided to leave returning hero Henrik Larsson on the bench for tonights glamour Champions League Group F opener at Parkhead.
Zee not to re-bid for cricket rights ZEE Telefilms Ltd (ZTL) has decided not to re-bid for the rights to broadcast cricket matches played in India.  quot;The board of directors in its meeting on September firmly decided against re-bidding, quot; ZTL said in a press release issued here on Tuesday.
Villeneuve to test for Renault Canadian former world champion Jacques Villeneuve will test for Renault at Silverstone on Wednesday and Thursday, the Formula One team said.
Peace talks on Sudan #39;s Darfur halted again ABUJA: African Union-brokered peace talks between the Sudanese government and Darfur rebel leaders bogged down again Tuesday, barely 10 minutes after delegates resumed negotiations following a three-day pause.
20 Iraqis Killed, 29 Injured, in US Air Attack on Falluja Monday &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Iraqi Red Crescent ambulance that was hit in the US airstrike in Fallujah. (AFP). At least 20 people were killed and dozens wounded when US warplanes struck Fallujah yesterday.
Arab foreign ministers affirm Lebanon #39;s right to a free political &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIRUT: With international condemnation of Syria #39;s control of Lebanon multiplying in recent days, the Arab Foreign Ministers #39; meeting in Cairo gave in to Lebanon #39;s 
Oil Climbs as Hurricane Ivan Nears U.S.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Tuesday as  Hurricane Ivan charged toward the oil-rich Gulf of Mexico,  where energy companies shut down refineries and offshore oil  rigs and evacuated thousands of workers.
Oil Company Mergers Hurt Consumers-Group  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A series of major oil company  mergers in recent years have left U.S. households vulnerable to  higher gasoline and natural gas prices, the Consumer Federation  of America said on Tuesday.
U.S. Trade Gap Reached Record in 2nd Quarter The record trade deficit, a sign of the growing imbalance of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, raised new concerns about the country's indebtedness.
Vivendi Flashes V for Victory After months on the Wall Street diet, Vivendi shows off its slimmer self.
Inflation shows surprise fall The inflation rate unexpectedly fell further below its 2.0 percent government-set target in August as clothing and footwear retailers raised prices by less than a year ago, official data shows.
Charles Schwab fined \$350,000 in settlement with SEC NEW YORK, September 14 (New Ratings) - Charles Schwab Corporation (SCH.NYS) has agreed to pay a fine of \$350,000 to settle the enforcement proceedings by federal regulators in connection with the alleged illegal processing of some mutual fund trade 
The Associated Press Cincinnati - The Kroger Co., owner of King Soopers and City Markets stores in Colorado and one of the nation #39;s largest operators of supermarkets, reported today that its second-quarter earnings fell almost \$50 million from a year ago, hurt by debt charges 
Airlines join the dots SKYTEAM, the airline alliance launched and fostered by Air France, is about to claim three new member carriers and access to 25 per cent of the world #39;s air routes.
Yahoo Plans To Acquire Musicmatch Yahoo Inc. on Tuesday said it has agreed to acquire Musicmatch Inc. for about \$160 million in cash, marking the portal #39;s first major push into the crowded online music market.
IBM broadens suite of RFID services IBM Tuesday will announce an expansion of its services for companies seeking help with radio frequency identification technology. Over the past several months, IBM has developed RFID services 
Microsoft email  #39;caller ID #39; questioned Internet engineers working on a standard for identifying the source of email messages voted down a proposal by Microsoft to include some of that company #39;s intellectual property in the specification.
SCIENCE IN THE NEWS Each week we present reports about science. These are about many different subjects. They can be about volcanoes exploding, developments of improved farm crops, archeology, space, new treatments for diseases.
Camara to get nod up front Celtic striker Henri Camara is set to play alongside John Hartson in the Hoops attack in tonights Champions League clash with Spanish giants Barcelona at Celtic Park.
Dent wins opening-round match at China Open BEIJING, China (Ticker) -- Seventh-seeded Taylor Dent of the United States won his opening-round match at the inaugural China Open, defeating qualifier Peter Luczak of Australia, 6-3, 6-2 on Tuesday.
Court battle threatens TV deal THE Test series between India and Australia is in danger of being blacked out after a court wrangle over awarding \$US308 million (\$443.
Rix shows Seminoles need fixing Florida State coach Bobby Bowden isn #39;t quite sure. However, this week he #39;s taking a hard look at his quarterback situation in the wake of his four-year starter #39;s pitiful performance in the Seminoles #39; come-from 
Judge holds Caminiti #39;s fate after drug test Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti has failed four drug tests since going on probation in 2002 for possession of cocaine, including one last week that landed him in jail, his probation officer said Tuesday.
LSU to use both QBs vs. Auburn LSU will stick with a two-quarterback rotation Saturday at Auburn, according to Tigers coach Nick Saban, who seemed to have some fun telling the media what he will and won #39;t discuss Monday.
US Modifies Call for UN Sanctions Against Sudan The United States on Tuesday modified slightly a threat of sanctions on Sudan #39;s oil industry in a revised text of its UN resolution on atrocities in the country #39;s Darfur region.
Saudis Pledge 800,000 Barrels Per Day of New Oil Saudi Arabia sought to regain some control of oil markets Tuesday, promising to make available 800,000 barrels a day of new oil by the end of the month and to keep pumping crude vigorously.
UPDATE 3-Allied Waste again cuts forecast, shares drop Allied Waste Industries Inc. (AW.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday cut its 2004 earnings forecast for the second time in three months as investment costs rose, sending its stock down more than 9 percent.
Brazil is world 'hacking capital' Brazil is the global capital for computer hacking and internet fraud, say experts at a conference in Brasilia.
LSU to stick with 2-quarterback system for now LSU coach Nick Saban believes in the old saying about two heads being better than one -- especially with quarterbacks this year. The fifth-ranked Tigers had success with Marcus Randall and JaMarcus Russell last week.
Software Pirate Gets Jail Time (PC World) PC World - German man sentenced to three years for selling counterfeit Microsoft products.
Stocks Flat; Oil, Hurricane Cause Concern  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks struggled to gain ground   on Tuesday as oil prices rose and investors feared economic  fallout from Hurricane Ivan as it moved through the Gulf of  Mexico toward a possible landfall in the United States.
Israeli Settler Pay Approved, Sharon Faces Threats  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's security cabinet approved  cash advances on Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate  their homes, while police investigated death threats against  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.
Force10 aims to blow Ethernet rivals away Start-up's new high-end Ethernet switches promise better port density, a challenge to second-tier sellers--or maybe to Cisco?
Net service will cater to camera phone users A planned offer from OurPictures hints at the day when camera phones could represent the mainstream way of snapping photos.
Mayor Recommits to Ambitious Recycling Pact The Bloomberg administration announced today that it will sign a 20-year contract with one of the nation's largest recycling companies, a move that assures the city's broad recommitment to recycling.
Usher Leads American Music Award Nods LOS ANGELES - R B casanova Usher, whose album "Confessions" steamed up the charts with songs about sex, affairs and breakups, received a leading four nominations Tuesday for the American Music Awards.    Many categories included last year's winners - Toby Keith, Tim McGraw and Linkin Park - and previous nominees Beyonce, Avril Lavigne, Norah Jones and R...
Software Pirate Gets Jail Time German man sentenced to three years for selling counterfeit Microsoft products.
IETF Reportedly Rejects Sender ID Several Internet sources today reported that the Internet #39;s Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has officially turned thumbs down on the proposed Sender ID specification.
Firefox Pre-Preview Release Available for Testing Asa Dotzler writes  quot;We took one more important change into the builds last night, moving from a blacklist to a whitelist for external protocol handlers, so today #39;s builds are the new candidate 1.0PR builds.
IAEA does not intend to adopt tough approach toward Iran VIENNA (MNA) -- Mark Gwozdecky, the spokesman for the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), said on Tuesday that the IAEA does not intend to adopt a tough approach toward Iran and will only take technical points into consideration.
Turkish FM Says Turkey Has Met EU Political Criteria ANKARA - Turkey had met political criteria required for European Union (EU) full membership, Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul said on Tuesday.
Microsoft Issues Patch; E-Mail ID Plan Rejected  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; released on  Tuesday a patch for its latest "critical" rated security flaw  affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software  programs.
Study: 400K Fewer Tech Jobs Since 2001 The U.S. information tech sector lost 403,300 jobs between March 2001 and April 2004, and the market for tech workers remains bleak, according to a new report.
Market does not need more oil: Iranian minister VIENNA (AFP) - There is no need to put more oil on the market as it is well-supplied, Iranian Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zangeneh said here on Tuesday on the eve of an OPEC meeting.
US Airways warns on pensions US Airways Group Inc. has warned a bankruptcy court that it is considering whether to freeze or terminate two pension plans covering nearly 25,000 participants, The Wall Street Journal reports.
Tech cos. unveil options-expensing plan WASHINGTON -- A group of technology companies Tuesday renewed pressure on accounting rule makers to drop a stock-options expensing rule, unveiling an alternative that they say is easier and less expensive to adopt.
Yahoo #39;s long and winding music road This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. With Tuesday #39;s \$160 million purchase of Musicmatch, Yahoo sent a clear message that it is 
Mozilla ignites Firefox 1.0 PR Mozilla gets ready to launch what may become one of the most significant steps in Internet browser innovations since the release of the Internet Explorer 4.0.
Argentina coach Bielsa resigns Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa has resigned, less than one month after leading his country to their first Olympic soccer gold medal and less than two months after steering them to the Copa America final, Argentine 
Blair may have considered quitting says ally Prime Minister Tony Blair may have considered quitting for family reasons earlier this year at one of the lowest points of his premiership, a close ally has said.
New phones put world in palm of the hand But are they a niche device for business travelers or a bombshell set to rattle the wireless industry?
Microsoft Issues Patch; E-Mail ID Plan Rejected (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  released on\Tuesday a patch for its latest "critical" rated security flaw\affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software\programs.
Sportsview: Chargers Are Surprise Winners (AP) AP - So the San Diego Chargers shocked the NFL and won their season opener.
N. Korea Accused of Trying to Delay Talks (AP) AP - North Korea is plotting an extended delay in resuming talks on its nuclear weapons program and has told China there was no point in continuing the six-sided talks at all, a senior U.S. official said Tuesday.
Stocks End Flat; Internet Shares Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended little changed  on  Tuesday as Internet companies like eBay Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EBAY.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EBAY.O&lt;/A&gt; supported  technology shares, while higher oil prices and worry about fuel  costs kept a lid on overall sentiment.
Oakland Hills Praised for Its Fair Ryder Cup Set-Up  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Oakland Hills, once  regarded as a monster of a course, has been praised by rival  Ryder Cup captains Bernhard Langer and Hal Sutton.
Niche Publications Capture White House Contenders (Reuters) Reuters - Do U.S. voters really care that\George W. Bush's favorite gun is the Winchester his father gave\him, or that John Kerry likes fishing for blues and stripers?\Millions might, which means candidates will keep talking to\niche publications like Field   Stream.
House Hopes to Quell Frivolous Suits (AP) AP - House Republicans pushed through legislation Tuesday aimed at reducing frivolous lawsuits.
Texas Pitcher Arrested After Throwing Chair Into Stands Relief pitcher Frank Francisco was arrested Tuesday on a charge of aggravated battery after he threw a chair that hit two fans during Monday's Rangers-Athletics game.
Kremlin Move Could Open Up Gas Industry Russian energy giant Gazprom said Tuesday it would acquire state-owned oil company Rosneft in a stock swap expected to ultimately ease restrictions on foreign investment in the world's biggest natural gas producer.
Stocks Rise Despite Retail Sales Report NEW YORK - Stocks were narrowly higher Tuesday as oil prices remained higher and Wall Street weighed a lackluster report on retail sales, but light volume showed that many investors remained on the sidelines.    With Hurricane Ivan threatening oil rigs in the Gulf of Mexico, crude futures moved higher for the second straight day...
FDA Eyes Rules on Child Anti-Depressants WASHINGTON - Antidepressants seem to spur suicidal behavior in some children and teenagers, government advisers ruled Tuesday before tackling a bigger question: How should that rare risk be balanced with the need to treat depression, which itself can lead to suicide?    Options range from making warning labels stronger to restricting those allowed to prescribe them. Advisers to the Food and Drug Administration were reluctant to consider a more severe move, forbidding pediatric prescriptions...
Yahoo buys MusicMatch for \$160 million Yahoo, world #39;s number one website, announced its decision to purchase MusicMatch today for \$160 million in cash. With this step, Yahoo hopes to attract more music listerners to its website.
Sony To Begin Mass Production of Full-Color OLED Displays OLED or Organic LED is not made of semiconductors. It #39;s made from carbon-based molecules. That is the key science factor that leads to potentially eliminating LEDs #39; biggest drawback - size.
SCO Files for Stay of Execution An anonymous reader writes  quot;SCO has filed for another delay in the case against IBM. The article reports that  #39;According to filings in the case, SCO is looking to buy time until the court can hear its arguments compelling IBM to release more information.
Will Beatles Take a Bite out of Apple? Apple Computer is slated to be in court this fall in England to answer claims that is infringing on a trademark agreement dating back to 1991.
Former F1 driver Jacques Villeneuve to test drive for Renault Former Formula One world champion Jacques Villeneuve will test for Renault at Silverstone this week. Renault said in a statement that the Iberville, Que.
Bonds looks to join 700-home run club tonight MILWAUKEE (SportsTicker) - Barry Bonds tries to go where just two players have gone before when the San Francisco Giants visit the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday.
Montreal vs. Florida Montreal (59-84) at Florida (75-65) 2:35 pm EDT ----- MIAMI (Ticker) -- For the second straight game, the Florida Marlins will host the Montreal Expos at Chicago #39;s US Cellular Field due to 
At Least 70 Killed in Iraq Attacks The worst attack was a car bomb explosion outside a police training center in Baghdad. At least 47 people, mostly new recruits, were killed and more than 100 wounded.
N.Ireland #39;s Sinn Fein Says Bugged by British Sinn Fein, political ally of the Irish Republican Army, said Tuesday it had found a British bugging device at party offices, days before crucial talks on Northern Ireland #39;s future.
Iraq Seeks Troops to Protect UN Staff UNITED NATIONS Sept. 14, 2004 - Iraq appealed to other nations Tuesday to send troops to protect an expanded UN staff that is essential for holding the country #39;s first free elections by Jan. 31, saying terrorists must not be allowed to disrupt the vote.
Briefly: Think local, act Google roundup Plus: SanDisk to supply Samsung with miniSD...Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives...Web services security outfits merge.
Major graphics flaw threatens Windows PCs Security flaw involving JPEG files affects at least a dozen Microsoft software applications and operating systems.
PayPal to fine for vice PayPal, the online payments arm of eBay Inc., said Friday it will soon fine people up to \$500 for uses related to gambling, adult content or services, and selling prescription drugs from non-certified sellers.
Microsoft release patch to fix security flaw in Windows, Office SEATTLE -- Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday released a patch to fix a critical security flaw that could allow an attacker to infiltrate someone else #39;s computer, if the user was persuaded to open a specialized file.
Nokia Signs Up for SD Memory Card Bowing to the growing popularity of the Secure Digital memory card standard, Nokia has signed a licensing agreement to use SD cards in its cell phones.
Sony Begins Mass Production of OLED Displays Sony announced today that they will start mass production of a full-color Organic Light Emitting Diode (OLED) display. The new displayed will be first used in their new CLIE PEG-VZ90 handheld.
Detect and Block IM  for Free Businesses that think their employees aren #39;t using IM or some type of peer-to-peer file sharing application may be living in ignorant bliss.
Argentina coach Bielsa resigns Marcelo Bielsa has resigned, less than a month after steering Argentina to their first Olympic gold medal and less than two months after their Copa America final appearance, Argentina Football Association (AFA) president Julio 
Former Celtic striker Larsson on Barcelona bench Henrik Larsson was left on the bench by Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard on his return to Parkhead where the Catalonians meet their UEFA Cup conquerors of last season, Celtic on the opening night of the Champions League group stages.
Dreaded day finally arrives: NHL to trigger lockout Wednesday at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Come midnight EDT on Wednesday night, barring a miracle, the NHL lockout will finally begin. Few believe it will end any time soon.
Proven Brodeur, promising Kiprusoff battle at hockey World Cup TORONTO (CP) - News that Martin Brodeur was fit to play Tuesday gave the World Cup of Hockey final a classic goaltending matchup - the proven Brodeur for Canada against the promising Miikka Kiprusoff of Finland.
Mystery blast in Baghdad A blast tore through a crowded Baghdad market close to a police station yesterday and witnesses said at least 39 people were killed.
Doubt over North Korean blast US and South Korean officials are still trying to verify what triggered a massive mushroom cloud in North Korea amid skepticism over Pyongyang #39;s explanation of the event.
After global outcry, government drops plans to criminalize &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Facing a popular outcry at home and stern warnings from Europe, the Turkish government discreetly stepped back Tuesday from a plan to introduce a motion into a crucial penal reform bill to make adultery a crime punishable by prison.
New bird flu outbreaks in Malaysia Kuala Lumpur (VNA) - Malaysia #39;s Animal Health Service on Tuesday reported that the country has discovered three more bird flu outbreaks in Kelantan State in the northeastern region.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for  #36;160 Million (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc. said on Tuesday it will buy\music software company Musicmatch Inc. for about  #36;160 million\in cash, bolstering Yahoo's offering as online music providers\prepare to go head-to-head in the download market.
Yahoo to Buy Musicmatch for \$160 Million  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yahoo Inc. said on Tuesday it will buy  music software company Musicmatch Inc. for about \$160 million  in cash, bolstering Yahoo's offering as online music providers  prepare to go head-to-head in the download market.
Now Boarding: Zero G Flights for the Public (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The Zero Gravity Corporation \  has been given the thumbs up by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to \  conduct  quot;weightless flights quot; for the general public, providing the \  sensation of floating in space.
House Panel Tackles NCAA's Sanctions Jeremy Bloom told a congressional panel Tuesday that the NCAA cut his college football career short without giving him a fair chance to argue his case.
Storm Cat Colt Fetches \$8 Million A Japanese trainer paid \$8 million Tuesday for a colt by top sire Storm Cat at the Keeneland September Yearling Sale.
Allied Waste cuts forecast, again Allied Waste Industries Inc. cut its 2004 earnings forecast for the second time in three months Tuesday saying sales growth was coming from lower-margin businesses instead of the more profitable landfill operation.
ABB won #39;t close Guelph transformer plant ABB Inc. has reversed a decision to close its transformer plant in Guelph, Ont., saving 300 jobs, the union representing the workers said today.
Major graphics flaw threatens Windows PCs Microsoft published on Tuesday a patch for a major security flaw in its software #39;s handling of the JPEG graphics format and urged customers to use a new tool to locate the many applications that are vulnerable.
U.S. Revises UN Draft on Sudan in Quest of Votes (Reuters) Reuters - The United States modified its\call for U.N. sanctions against Sudan on Tuesday but still kept\up the threat of punitive measures if Khartoum did not stop\atrocities in its Darfur region.
Microsoft Eyes Video for Business IM (PC World) PC World - Software giant teams with Polycom to boost sales of Live Communications Server.
Marlins Homer Way Past Expos 8-6 (AP) AP - The Florida Marlins found an appropriately wild end for their weird stay in Chicago.
Oracle 1Q Earnings Rise 16 Percent Business software giant Oracle Corp. said Tuesday that first-quarter earnings rose 16 percent driven by new database license sales that rose 19 percent.
Markets Cheer Lifting of Gazprom Ring Fence The moment investors have been awaiting for years came unexpectedly Tuesday, when President Vladimir Putin backed plans to lift rules banning foreigners from buying local Gazprom shares.
IMF Voices  #39;Some Concern #39; Over Legal Assault on Yukos The International Monetary Fund expressed concern Tuesday about the impact of the troubles besetting oil major Yukos on Russia #39;s standing as a place to invest.
NHL Lockout a Virtual Certainty Thursday (AP) AP - Wade Redden took off his practice gear unsure of when he'd have a chance to put it on again. His injured shoulder wouldn't allow him to play for Canada in the World Cup of Hockey championship on Tuesday night. The lack of a collective bargaining agreement between NHL players and owners figures to keep the Ottawa defenseman off the ice much longer.
Oracle Quarterly Net Income Rises 16 Pct  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. on Tuesday reported  a 16 percent rise in quarterly net income as the world's second  largest software company benefited from steady demand for its  flagship database software.
Tiger Woods Feels the Pressure at Oakland Hills  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods accepts  he is under pressure to perform at this week's Ryder Cup.
Stocks End Barely Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks ended barely higher  on Tuesday  as oil prices rose and investors tried to anticipate the  economic fallout from Hurricane Ivan as it moved through the  Gulf of Mexico toward a possible landfall in the United States.
OPEC Ponders Modest Rise in Oil Quotas  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC is pumping near flat out in a bid  to drag down oil prices but will not rubber-stamp all its extra  output with a large increase in formal supply quotas, cartel  ministers and delegates said on Tuesday.
Dollar Weaker; Current Account Gap Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was mostly lower on  Tuesday, weighed down by a report showing the U.S. current  account deficit ballooned to a new record in the second  quarter.
Rockies Terminate Neagle's Contract  DENVER (Sports Network) - Colorado terminated the contract  of pitcher Denny Neagle on Monday, three days after he was  ticketed for soliciting a women for oral sex.
Powell Says Darfur No Safer After Genocide Label  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sudan must do a lot more to make its  Darfur region safer, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on  Tuesday, adding that Khartoum had failed to improve security  since the United States last week accused it of committing  genocide there.
New cracks in nuclear containment As North Korea, South Korea, and Iran raise risks of an arms race, the global challenge to nonproliferation grows.
Always in hiding, an Iraqi interpreter's anguished life As an interpreter for the US Army, Khalid Ahmed faces constant taunts and death threats from fellow Iraqis.
Abductions in Iraq a big business Groups tied to Abu Musab Zarqawi claim a major car bombing Tuesday, taking Westerners as hostages.
Football: Argentina coach resigns Marcelo Bielsa resigns as coach of Argentina less than a month after steering the country to Olympic gold.
IETF deals setback to Microsoft antispam effort SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - An antispam technology proposed by Microsoft Corp. as a standard way of identifying the senders of e-mail messages suffered a blow last week when a group within the 
Linux Standard Base Gathers Vendor Support Several major IT vendors have agreed to support the Linux Standard Base 2.0, which establishes a global standard for the open-source operating system.
Worm Seeks Out Network Passwords Sdbot  quot;spreads via network shares using NetBEUI functions to get ... user names and passwords, quot; says security firm Trend Micro.
CA Responsive On Storage Management Computer Associates on Monday unveiled storage-management software designed to help customers keep costs in line. The CA BrightStor r11.
CMU #39;s computer science school receives \$20 million gift from Gates PITTSBURGH -- The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has given \$20 million to Carnegie Mellon University to help fund construction of a new computer science building.
Cordero: Fan was  quot;way out of control quot; Texas Rangers closer Francisco Cordero appeared on the Jeff Rickard Show on Sporting News Radio to discuss Monday night #39;s incident in which several members of the Rangers bullpen were involved in an altercation with Oakland fans and one - Frank 
=== Louisville-Tulane game postponed due to Hurricane Ivan === New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Saturday #39;s Conference USA game between No. 24 Louisville and Tulane has been postponed due to the possible threat of Hurricane Ivan.
Marlins 8, Expos 6 The Marlins homered three times in a six-run third inning, and Jeff Conine drove in the winning run with a walk Tuesday to lift Florida to an 8-6 victory over the Montreal Expos at US Cellular Field.
Zee TV to take legal recourse Zee TV Network has decided to take legal recourse in the battle over the controversial cricket telecast rights, as its board of directors has chosen not to submit fresh bids.
Adriano double gives Inter 2-0 win over ten-man Bremen Brazilian Adriano scored both goals as Inter Milan beat Werder Bremen 2-0 in their opening match in Champions League Group G on Tuesday.
Insurgents Target Iraqi Police; 59 Dead A car bomb ripped through a busy Baghdad market where Iraqis were gathering to join the police force Tuesday, and gunmen attacked a police van to the north, killing at least 
Indonesia says tourism unaffected by Australian embassy bomb blast &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Indonesian tourism industry has so far not been affected by last week #39;s bombing outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta and officials said they do not expect a significant drop in visitor numbers as a result of the attack.
Iraqi President says polls should go ahead Iraqi elections should go ahead as planned in January despite mounting violence unless the United Nations says it is not feasible, interim President Ghazi al-Yawar says.
L.A., Washington Hotel Workers Strike LOS ANGELES - Thousands of hotel workers in Los Angeles voted to authorize a strike, their union said Tuesday, joining in an effort that could lead to walkouts in three cities.    About three-fourths of the 3,000 housekeepers, bellmen and other workers at nine prominent Los Angeles hotels took part in the vote Monday, and union spokesman Danny Feingold said Tuesday that 83 percent of them chose to authorize a strike...
Insurgents Target Iraqi Police; 59 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - Guerrillas bombed a Baghdad shopping street full of police recruits and fired on a police van north of the capital Tuesday in attacks that killed at least 59 people and struck at the heart of the U.S. strategy for fighting Iraq's escalating insurgency...
Oracle quarterly profit rises on software demand Oracle (ORCL) Tuesday reported a 16 rise in quarterly net income as the world #39;s second largest software company benefited from steady demand for its flagship database software.
Officials Can #39;t Say Nukes Safe From Terror Three years after the Sept. 11 attacks, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission cannot independently verify that every nuclear power plant is taking required safeguards to protect 
Sony To Acquire Hollywood Studio For \$3Bn LOS ANGELES, SEPT 14: A consortium led by Sony Corp has agreed in principle to acquire Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc for nearly \$3 billion.
Oracle shows sales and earnings growth in Q1 Oracle Corp. reported revenue and earnings growth in its first fiscal quarter, with its revenue from new software licenses rising 7 percent, to US\$563 million.
A Game Boy for \$200? A preview page at Walmart.com reveals expected pricing and availability for Nintendo's DS handheld game player.
Hackers Plot Denial-of-Service Attack Against Symantec A new variant of the MyDoom virus is designed to launch a denial-of-service attack against antivirus software maker Symantec, according to security firm Sophos.
Larsson goal caps return to Celtic as Barca win 3-1 Barcelona striker Henrik Larsson marked his return to Celtic with his Spanish side #39;s third goal in an impressive 3-1 win against the Scottish champions in Tuesday #39;s Champions League Group F opener.
Argentina #39;s  #39;mad man #39; quits ARGENTINA soccer coach Marcelo Bielsa quit today, just two weeks since he guided them to their first Olympic title. Bielsa, 49, nicknamed the  quot;mad man quot; for his eccentric press conferences and his volatile 
Hurricane postpones Louisville-Tulane game until December Tulane officials have postponed Saturday #39;s football game against Louisville because of the threat of Hurricane Ivan. Tulane officials said in a statement Tuesday that the game is tentatively rescheduled for the weekend of Dec. 4 at the Superdome.
Iraq Appeals for International Troops Before January Elections The United States and Iraq have issued an appeal at the UN Security Council for more help in establishing a democratically elected government in Baghdad.
Microsoft issues patch for 'critical' JPEG-handling flaw Microsoft has released a "critical" patch to fix a security flaw affecting how Windows, Office and developer tools software programs process images in the JPEG image format.
SMASH protocol a hit at Enterprise Management World The new SMASH protocol, which was demonstrated at Enterprise Management World, got good marks from data center managers at the event.
Boston's Beth Israel to pilot PanGo's asset tracking technology When the asset-tracking project goes live on Oct. 1, the hospital expects to be able to better track patients, clinicians and critical equipment.
IETF deals setback to Microsoft antispam effort A working group within the Internet Engineering Task Force voted not to proceed with an antispam technology standards proposal submitted by Microsoft because of concerns about intellectual property claims that the company is making.
German software pirate, and his father get jail time A German court yesterday sentenced a second member of one of Europe's largest software counterfeiting rings to three years prison and handed down a sentence to his father for helping run front operations.
Maximizing your notebook's battery power Tips to squeeze every last minute of power out of your notebook's battery.
Proxim settles patent lawsuit with Symbol Under the terms of the agreement, Proxim will pay Symbol \$23 million over the next two and a half years.
IBM broadens suite of RFID services The RFID services from IBM will include consulting, business case development, technical proof of concept, pilots for the client and trading partners and full system implementation for industrial companies.
Sun, Microsoft to detail interoperability next month Sun Microsystems and Microsoft next month plan to reveal the work they have been doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said yesterday.
Sun trims fourth-quarter earnings by \$12M In financial documents filed with the SEC, Sun Microsoystems said its net income for the quarter that ended June 30 had been revised downward by \$12 million and 1 cent per share.
Xerox updates doc software, signs up HSBC and Boeing Xerox Corp. has won several new document services deals and updated its content management and workflow software, it announced Tuesday.
Senator faults 4 pilots for US Airways bankruptcy Following a meeting Tuesday with US Airways Group Inc. president and CEO Bruce Lakefield, US Sen. Rick Santorum laid blame for the airline #39;s second bankruptcy filing on four pilots #39; union representatives from 
McDonald #39;s Raises Dividend, Shares Climb McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday raised its annual dividend 38 percent, a move the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalization.
Microsoft issues patch for  #39;critical #39; JPEG-handling flaw SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (REUTERS) - Microsoft Corp. today released a patch for its latest  quot;critical quot; security flaw affecting how Windows, Office and developer tools software process images in the JPEG image format.
Bielsa steps down despite strong summer Buenos Aires, Argentina (Sports Network) - Marcelo Bielsa resigned as Argentina #39;s coach on Tuesday, despite leading his country to the final of Copa America and to an Olympic triumph this summer.
UPDATE 1-Vicente inspires Valencia win over Anderlecht Vicente scored the opening goal and created the second to give Valencia a comfortable 2-0 victory over Anderlecht in their opening Champions League Group G match on Tuesday.
Eagles bring back Levens; place Andrews on IR Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles made several roster moves on Tuesday, including bringing back Dorsey Levens and placing Shawn Andrews on injured reserve.
Latest Violence in Iraq Leaves Scores Dead, Many Without Power A car bomb has killed at least 47 people in the Iraqi capital, while an attack on an oil pipeline in the north left much of the country without power.
15 Killed In US Strike On Iraqi Hotspot Of Fallujah FALLUJAH, Iraq (AFP) - At least 15 people were killed as US jets spearheaded yet another assault on alleged Al-Qaeda fighters in Fallujah while Iraq #39;s premier warned that key elections may be delayed in areas of unrest.
Firefox 1.0 Available Today Firefox 1.0 Available Today\\Firefox 1.0 (Preview Release) is now available. If you've never tried this wonderful browser it's MORE THAN worthy of your attention. What's new in this release?\\- Improved pop-up blocker: new pop-up blocker blocks even more pop-ups while making it easy to view pop-ups when necessary.\\- Security improvements: ...
AOL Making Portal and Search Engine Changes AOL Making Portal and Search Changes\\Some big changes are in the making at AOL which will help to expand their content, channels, and advertising revenue past their paid internet service provider members and to the masses. And no, it's not the Netscape homepage! AOL is currently testing a preview of ...
Mets Manager Meets With Team Brass (AP) AP - Manager Art Howe met with New York Mets owner Fred Wilpon and general manager Jim Duquette on Tuesday, one day after saying that if the team planned to fire him, it should do it now.
Pilots Reach Accord With Alitalia (AP) AP - Pilots at Alitalia agreed Tuesday to nearly double their annual flying hours and accept lower pay  #151; the first breakthrough in talks aimed at keeping the near-bankrupt Italian carrier in business.
Maryland Wary of No. 7 West Virginia (AP) AP - Overconfidence usually isn't an issue when facing the nation's seventh-ranked team on the road, yet Maryland has every reason to feel smug about its chances of winning Saturday against West Virginia.
Oracle Quarterly Net Income Rises 16 Pct  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly net income as the  world's second largest software company benefited from steady  demand for its flagship database software.
Parties Spar in Congress on Medicare Increase (Reuters) Reuters - Senate Republicans and Democrats on\Tuesday battled over blame for a record increase in Medicare\health premiums, which Democratic presidential candidate John\Kerry has criticized in his campaign to unseat President Bush.
House OKs Fines for Lawyers for Meritless Suits (Reuters) Reuters - The House of Representatives on\Tuesday passed a bill to punish lawyers who file lawsuits\deemed meritless by a judge, and bar them from shopping around\for a sympathetic court.
Xserve G5 Supercluster When the Hypersonic Missile Technology team at COLSA Corporation and the U.S. Army need to model hypersonic flight on a computer system, they #146;ll no longer have to wait two months to get results. They now can use one of the world #146;s largest and most powerful computers: a supercluster of 1,566 64-bit, dual-processor Apple Xserve G5 servers. Sep 14
Regulators promise 'light touch' on BPL ARLINGTON, VA - Members of three state public utilities promised a light regulatory touch on broadband over power line (BPL) service as electric companies begin to experiment with the alternative to traditional high-speed Internet service.
Argentina loan program delay  #39;unadvisable #39;-bankers Argentina #39;s postponement of its International Monetary Fund loan program was  quot;very unadvisable quot; as the country tries to regain access to international credit markets, a global banking group said on Tuesday.
Deutsche executives retreat to ready a new strategy FRANKFURT Deutsche Bank, the largest bank in Germany, appears headed for an important executive overhaul aimed at turning problem areas of the business into profit centers over the coming year.
Problem with the Way Microsoft Opens JPEG Files Affects Dozens of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A remote attacker could take complete control over computers running many versions of Microsoft software by inserting malicious code in a JPEG image that executes through an unchecked buffer 
BellSouth Uses New Cisco Routers to Reach SMBs, Branches BellSouth today announced it will use the routers that Cisco launched today to allow small and medium businesses and enterprise branches to receive cost-effective access to VoIP, call and content management, security and other applications previously 
Mourinho #39;s Chelsea off to a flyer as champions Porto draw Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive Champions League title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening Group H match on Tuesday.
Villeneuve to test drive for Renault CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canada #39;s Jacques Villeneuve is getting back into a Formula One driver #39;s seat. F1 team Renault announced that Villeneuve will test drive at Silverstone this week.
Palace interlopers are released on bail LONDON Two campaigners for fathers #39; rights who penetrated Buckingham Palace dressed in Batman and Robin costumes were released on bail Tuesday, the police said.
British envoy for Korean blast site THE North Korean Government will allow the British ambassador to Pyongyang to travel to its border with China this week to investigate the explosion that occurred there five days ago -- initially reported as a nuclear blast, but now said to have been 
US allows Iraqis back to Tal Afar homes Anxious civilians trickled back into Tal Afar Tuesday, digging through the rubble of buildings flattened during a nearly two-week siege by US-led forces targeting 
Ankara, chastened, steps away from adultery law VAN, Turkey After suffering a wave of criticism from European Union officials, women #39;s groups, newspaper columnists and finally from its own members, Turkey #39;s governing party abandoned a proposal on Tuesday to criminalize adultery.
Arab League avoids stand on UN in Lebanon CAIRO Arab foreign ministers agreed Tuesday to avoid a position on UN intervention in relations between Syria and Lebanon after Syria and Jordan disagreed over what approach to take.
Terrorism, Debt Loom Over Australia Election Prime Minister John Howard doesn #39;t have one new Tampa #39; #39; heading into next month #39;s Australian election, but two. The MV Tampa was the vessel Howard #39;s party rode to victory in November 2001, figuratively speaking.
Celtic crash to first ever home Champions League defeat (AFP) AFP - Celtic crashed to their first ever Champions League defeat at Parkhead when they went down 3-1 to Spanish giants Barcelona in their Group F tie.
Chelsea Impressive in Opening Match (AP) AP - Chelsea coasted to a 3-0 win on Didier Drogba's two goals, Arsenal needed an own-goal for victory and defending champion FC Porto was held to a 0-0 draw on the opening night of the Champions League season.
South African Films Offer Love, Comedy in Toronto (Reuters) Reuters - A decade after apartheid ended, South\African filmmaking has come of age and is able to tell stories\about the country's troubled past with humor and affection,\several of the country's directors said on Tuesday.
Probe Recommends Against Overseas Census (AP) AP - Congressional investigators recommended Tuesday that the Census Bureau not include Americans living abroad as part of the U.S. census in 2010.
Blair Warns of Climate Change's Threat (AP) AP - Prime Minister Tony Blair warned on Tuesday of the threat posed by climate change and urged support for the principles of the Kyoto accord on global warming, a treaty rejected by President Bush as unfair toward U.S. industry.
U.S. Treasury Prices End Higher  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices ended higher on  Tuesday after soft August retail sales and a record high  current account deficit kept dealers focused on the possibility  of a slower pace of official interest rate hikes.
Chelsea Beats Paris St. Germain in Champions League  LONDON (Reuters) - Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for  a second successive Champions League title in the best way  possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St. Germain 3-0 in  their opening Group H match Tuesday.
Mugabe to seek mining shares The Zimbabwean state could take a 50 stake in the country's leading mining companies to crack down on what it claims is illegal use of export earnings.
Panel Urges Strong Warning on Antidepressants for Children The panel recommended that the warning should say that antidepressants can sometimes lead children to become suicidal.
Xilinx Expects Revenue Shortfall Xilinx (XLNX:Nasdaq - news - research) took its place late Tuesday in a long, doleful list of chipmakers that have lowered third-quarter expectations.
Federated rebranding stores to Macy #39;s Ohio-based Federated Departments Stores Inc. is rebranding 184 of its regional department stores to its Macy #39;s name. The change should be completed by January and will give 
Internet stocks nudge techs higher Yahoo! jumps into the music download biz while Ask Jeeves, Amazon soar; Oracle beats after the bell. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Bucking the broader market #39;s trend Tuesday, Internet stocks rallied on Yahoo!
ABC Sports, for Insider Green Bay #39;s victory over Carolina on Monday night featured an entertaining performance by Brett Favre. It wasn #39;t that the quarterback had one of his typical Favre nights.
Terps have reason to be wary of No. 7 West Virginia Overconfidence usually isn #39;t an issue when facing the nation #39;s seventh-ranked team on the road, yet Maryland has every reason to feel smug about its chances of winning Saturday against West Virginia.
Zee rejects plan for fresh bids, demands rights for \$260m MUMBAI, SEPTEMBER 14: Zee TV has refused to accept the Bombay High Courts suggestion to call for fresh bids for cricket telecast rights, setting the stage for a legal battle.
Indy 500 changes aimed at regaining interest Indianapolis Motor Speedway president Tony George announced a series of schedule changes Tuesday, including a return to four days of qualifying but with a new format that could give each car potentially 12 attempts to enter the 33-car lineup.
At least 59 die in co-ordinated rebel attacks on Iraqi police Guerrillas bombed a Baghdad shopping street full of police recruits and fired on a police van north of the capital Tuesday in attacks that killed at least 59 people and struck at the heart of the US strategy for fighting Iraq #39;s escalating 
PM gives dire warning on climate The UK Prime Minister, Tony Blair, issues a dire warning on climate change as he sets out policies to tackle it.
Selig Has Surgery for Skin Cancer (AP) AP - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig had surgery Monday to remove a cancerous lesion from his forehead.
Samba servers vulnerable to denial-of-service attacks Patches released for flaws in software package that lets Windows files and printers be shared by Unix and Linux systems.
The new Game Boy for \$200? A preview page at Walmart.com reveals expected pricing and availability for Nintendo's DS handheld game player.
Brief: Oracle profit rises on software demand in Q1 The company reported net income of \$509 million in its first fiscal quarter, compared with \$440 million in income for the same quarter a year ago.
Microsoft Warns of Critical JPEG Flaw Handling of images could allow an attacker to take over your PC.
Ledee could fit on bench for Dodgers The Dodgers are believed to be closing in on an agreement with free-agent outfielder Ricky Ledee, who would fill the left-handed-hitting reserve role left open by the retirement of Robin Ventura after last season.
"Monday Night Football" Ratings Down (AP) AP - Green Bay's win over Carolina in the first game of the season on ABC's "Monday Night Football," was the second-most watched prime-time show of the week, trailing only NBC's debut episode of the "Friends" spinoff "Joey."
Microsoft Warns of Critical JPEG Flaw (PC World) PC World - Handling of images could allow an attacker to take over your PC.
Microsoft Release Patch to Fix Flaws (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. announced Tuesday it has found a new security flaw with its Windows XP operating system and warned that an attacker could infiltrate other computers by persuading their owners to open a specialized graphics file.
Cheney Blasts Kerry for Dean Comments (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney turned Sen. John Kerry's own words against him Tuesday while criticizing the Democrat for calling the war in Iraq "the wrong war in the wrong place at the wrong time."
Weightless Trip to Nowhere Yields Thrills, Nausea (Reuters) Reuters - Fancy an airplane trip that takes you\nowhere, costs about  #36;3,000, and may make you vomit?
Former Broker Admits Cheating Clients  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Todd Eberhard, a former New York  stockbroker and financial television personality, pleaded  guilty on Tuesday to cheating his clients out of millions of  dollars while generating excessive commissions for himself.
Chavez approves phone firm With the backing of President Hugo Chavez, Venezuela is setting up a state-owned telecoms firm to challenge dominant foreign owned operators.
PM gives dire warning on climate The prime minister issues a dire warning on climate change as he sets out policies to tackle it.
Oracle's Earnings Top Expectations SAN FRANCISCO - Business software maker Oracle Corp.'s quarterly earnings exceeded analyst expectations, despite sluggish sales in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long-sought takeover of rival PeopleSoft Inc.    The Redwood Shores-based company said Tuesday it earned \$509 million, or 10 cents per share, during the three months ended in August, a 16 percent improvement from \$440 million, or 8 cents per share, at the same time last year...
UPDATE 1-Celestica cuts 3rd qtr forecasts as orders drop Celestica Inc. (CLS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) (CLS.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) cut its third-quarter earnings forecast on Tuesday, triggering a selling spree in its shares.
Allied Waste shares fall as company again lowers outlook AUSTIN Shares in Allied Waste Industries fell today after the waste hauler cut its 2004 profit outlook for the second time in as many months.
Part of the ECT News Network Yahoo and Musicmatch today announced they have signed an agreement for Yahoo to acquire Musicmatch for approximately US\$160 million in cash.
Coker pleased players didn #39;t quit CORAL GABLES  Miami coach Larry Coker admits it took him a while to come down from Friday night #39;s 16-10 overtime victory against Florida State.
National League Game Summary - Atlanta at New York, Game Two Atlanta holds a 9-4 edge in the season series, and has won four of seven in New York...The doubleheader was the Braves #39; second in five days after they were swept at home by Philadelphia on September 8...The last doubleheader between these clubs at Shea 
Australia Still Looking for 27 Citizens in Iraq After Threat Australia #39;s government hasn #39;t accounted for 27 citizens in Iraq after an Islamic group said it took two Australians hostage, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Oracle's Earnings Top Expectations by Penny Business software maker Oracle Corp.'s quarterly earnings exceeded analyst expectations, despite sluggish sales in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long-sought takeover of rival PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
The Milky Way Above La Silla European Southern Observatory -- Anybody who visits a high-altitude astronomical observatory at this time of the year will be impressed by the beauty of the Milky Way band that stretches across the sky.     Compared to the poor views from cities and other human conglomerations, the dark and bright nebulae come into view together with an astonishing palette of clear stellar colours...
Oracle sales rise on database demand Software maker meets earnings projects but applications business languishes with unit's sales down 36 percent.
California coach gets new contract California football Coach Jeff Tedford received a new five-year contract Monday to lead the Golden Bears through the 2009 season. The new deal replaces his existing agreement, which had three years remaining.
Philadelphia Expands Free Wireless Web Access Zone (Reuters) Reuters - Philadelphia expanded free outdoor\wireless Internet access on Tuesday as part of a\multimillion-dollar plan to connect the entire city by early\2006.
Oprah Car Giveaway Generates Buzz for GM  DETROIT (Reuters) - Just ask "Anna Karenina" about Oprah.  The daytime talk show host, whose recommendation put the 19th  century novel on the best-sellers list, has generated a rush of  interest in General Motors Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; new Pontiac G6  mid-sized car, GM officials said on Tuesday.
Broker Pleads Guilty to Cheating Clients A former well-known New York stockbroker pleaded guilty Tuesday to cheating his clients out of millions of dollars and generating fraudulent commissions for himself.
Update 1: Bond Prices Edge Higher at Close of Day Bond prices edged higher Tuesday, following release of a report showing a dip in retail sales last month. The price of the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose 5/32 point, or \$1.
LAZARUS MACY #39;S PARENT COMPANY FEDERATED DEPARTMENT STORES PLANS TO CHANGE ALL OF THEIR REGIONAL DEPARTMENT STORE CHAINS TO THE MACY #39;S NAME IN JANUARY.
Microsoft Warns of Critical JPEG Flaw A security flaw in the way many Microsoft applications process JPEG images could allow an attacker to gain control over a computer running the software, Microsoft warned this week.
IBM expands RFID services for manufacturers IBM is set to begin offering a range of new services designed to bring the benefits of radio-frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial firms and mid-size businesses.
Xerox #39;s Mulcahy: We #39;re Moving Beyond Documents She sees Xerox becoming more of an information-services firm. Observers are skeptical, but Mulcahy says she #39;ll buy consultancies if necessary.
Apple Computer face further payout to Beatles #39; company Apple Computer, maker of the iPod music player and online iTunes Music Store, is likely to be forced into a multimillion-pound payout to Apple Corporation, the Beatles #39; management 
Philadelphia Expands Free Wireless Web Access Zone Philadelphia expanded free outdoor wireless Internet access on Tuesday as part of a multimillion-dollar plan to connect the entire city by early 2006.
Dent rains down the aces on a day of wet weather BEIJING: Big-hitting Taylor Dent rained down 16 aces Tuesday on the way to a first-round victory at the \$500,000 China Open before the skies dropped water to wash away play.
NY Yankees at Kansas City, 2:10 PM KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- The New York Yankees hope to recover from another pitching collapse when they face the Kansas City Royals at Kauffman Stadium in the second game of their series.
NY Mets at Atlanta, 1:05 PM FLUSHING, New York (Ticker) -- The Atlanta Braves and the New York Mets continue their five-game series following a doubleheader split Monday.
Hurricane Ivan set to bring giant seas to Gulf of Mexico Surfersvillage Global Surf News, 13 September 2004: - - Hurricane Ivan, one of the most powerful storms to ever hit the Caribbean, killed at least 16 people in Jamaica, where it wrecked houses and washed away roads on Saturday, but appears to have spared 
Secret Photos  #39;Helped Plan Batman #39;s Palace Protest #39; A member of the campaign group Fathers 4 Justice tonight claimed he took secret pictures inside Buckingham Palace more than a month before a fellow protester climbed the walls of the Queens official residence.
Israeli settler pay approved, Sharon faces threats JERUSALEM - Israel #39;s security cabinet approved cash advances on Tuesday to entice Gaza settlers to evacuate their homes, as police investigated death threats against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon sparked by his pullout plan.
Talks on Tibet Two years after the Tibetan government-in-exile renewed negotiations with China, after a full decade, on the question of Tibet, a delegation of the Dalai Lamas special envoys left for a tour of the Middle Kingdom on the weekend.
How Much Hollywood For Comcast? In a first-of-its kind deal, Comcast (Quote, Chart) has struck a broad content distribution pact with Sony Pictures that includes plans to expand its video-on-demand (define) menu.
Celestica lowers Q3 guidance; shares slump after hours TORONTO - Celestica late Tuesday came out with a profit and revenue warning for its third quarter, saying some of its biggest customers were reducing orders for the company #39;s electronics equipment.
Alitalia, Pilots Agree to New Contract, Reduce Pay (Update5) Alitalia SpA, Italy #39;s largest airline, reached an agreement with pilots to increase work hours and reduce pay ahead of tomorrow #39;s deadline set by Chief Executive Giancarlo Cimoli, union officials said.
US lawmakers urge SEC action on credit raters Lawmakers on Tuesday urged the US Securities and Exchange Commission to move to reform the oversight of credit-rating agencies, with one suggesting its power 
Sri Lanka defeats Zimbabwe LONDON: Sri Lanka survived a scare as they nearly lost their opening match of the Champions Trophy at the hands of Zimbabwe at The Oval.
Vikings add depth in secondary; ink Shaw and Brown Eden Prairie, MN (Sports Network) - The Minnesota Vikings added some much- needed depth to its secondary on Tuesday by signing veterans Terrance Shaw and Ralph Brown.
Arab Leaders Acquiesce Over Syria, Lebanon (AP) AP - Arab foreign ministers backed Lebanon and Syria on Tuesday against international calls to remove Syrian forces from its tiny neighbor, even though several Arab nations have publicly stepped up pressure on Syria to comply.
European TV Shopping Seen Doubling by 2008 (Reuters) Reuters - Television shopping in Europe is\projected to nearly double to 8.8 billion euros ( #36;10.8 billion)\by 2008 as more households sign up for digital TV service,\according to a study released Wednesday.
Thirty-five earn TOUR cards, Davis wins medal at Q-school Playing in the final group and seemingly a lock to earn a job on the PGA TOUR next year, Hearn squandered six shots and was on the cut line until coming up with two of the biggest putts of his career -- a 15-foot par save on the 17th and a 40-foot birdie 
Marlins Homer Way Past Expos The Marlins homered three times in a six-run third inning to lift Florida to a victory over the Montreal Expos at U.S. Cellular Field.
Children's Antidepressants Must Have Warning Labels By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Antidepressants should come with the nation's strongest warning - in a black box on the label - that they can sometimes spur suicidal behavior in children and teenagers, the government's scientific advisers decided Tuesday.    It's a rare risk, and therefore families need detailed information on how to balance that concern with the need to treat depression, which itself can lead to suicide, cautioned advisers to the Food and Drug Administration...
Gambling Linked to Good Health in Seniors By DIANE SCARPONI     UNCASVILLE, Conn. (AP) -- According to a surprising Yale University study, older recreational gamblers seem to be healthier than non-gamblers...
Study Shows Weightlifters Don't Lift Enough By EDDIE PELLS    (AP) -- It might be time for workout warriors to stack a couple more weight plates onto the pile. A recent study showed that many inexperienced weightlifters don't come close to pumping enough iron to change the shape of their muscles, or really get any benefit at all...
Flu Is Sending More and More People to Hospital By LINDSEY TANNER    CHICAGO (AP) -- The number of people hospitalized in the United States because of the flu has climbed substantially over the past two decades to an average of more than 200,000 a year, in large part because of the aging of the population, a government study found.    Severe cases of the flu can result in pneumonia, dehydration or a worsening of chronic medical conditions, and can be life-threatening - especially for the very old or the very young...
HP girds for grid storage campaign The computing giant talks up new storage products and plans after a major sales stumble.
Theme park takes visitors to RFID-land A Florida park helps parents keep track of kids with radio ID tags from Texas Instruments.
Job Woes Plague High Tech Researchers say the industry bled 403,000 jobs between March 2001 and April 2004, and the high-tech market continues to shrink.
Oracle sales rise on database demand com September 14, 2004, 2:26 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Microsoft, Polycom Team on Conferencing Microsoft (Quote, Chart) and Polycom have formed a multi-year joint venture that will add Polycom #39;s conferencing functionality to Microsoft Office Live Meeting.
Golf: US captain taunts win-hungry Tiger about Ryder Cup struggles BLOOMFIELD HILLS, United States : Tiger Woods was inspired for a top effort at the Ryder Cup long before United States captain Hal Sutton prodded him with talk about past failures and his place in golf history.
Powell says blast consistent with North Koreas explanation WASHINGTON: The United States said on Tuesday a blast in North Korea last week that stirred fears of a nuclear explosion might have been demolition work for a power project, as Pyongyang has asserted.
Sun exec: Community brings innovation to Java SAN JOSE, CALIF. -- A Sun Microsystems official at the BorCon conference here on Tuesday touted the Java Community Process (JCP) for amending the Java programming language, but did not have any revelations pertaining to industry calls for making Java available under an open source format.
JPEG handling flaw threatens PCs, Microsoft warns A security flaw in the way many Microsoft Corp. applications process JPEG images could allow an attacker to gain control over a computer running the software, Microsoft warned Tuesday.
Super-Secure Quantum Network Warns of Data Danger It's a hacker's nightmare but a dream for bankers and spies: A computer network so secure that even the simplest attempts to eavesdrop will interrupt the flow of data and alert administrators to the snooping.
Jordan Strives to Become Global Tech Leader By FADI KHALIL    SOUTHERN SHOUNEH, Jordan (AP) -- Jordan has gone from providing one computer for every 82 students to one for every 17 in its drive to become a leader in information technology, the minister in charge of the campaign told a conference on Tuesday.    Minister of Information and Communication Technology Fawaz Zu'bi said the dramatic increase in access to computers for students was logged last year...
Editorial: Baseball should come down hard on stadium violence A fight broke out at a major league baseball game between the Oakland A #39;s and Texas Rangers Monday night, and the incident should spark action to eliminate this problem in the future.
Sri Lanka made an unimpressive entry into ICC Champions Trophy Sri Lanka made an unimpressive entry into the Champions Trophy as they overcame a magnificent Zimbabwe side by four wickets at The Oval.
47 die in bomb attack on Iraqi police building BAGHDAD - A huge explosion tore through a crowded market close to a Baghdad police headquarters building yesterday, killing at least 47 people in the capital #39;s deadliest single attack in six months.
Iceland's Leader Takes New Job (AP) AP - Iceland Prime Minister David Oddsson, Europe's longest-serving premier, is stepping down after a 13-year tenure marked by the transformation of his island country with free market policies.
Waiting Game Almost Over at Oakland Hills  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The intensity,  expectation and pressure began to heighten for the 35th Ryder  Cup on Tuesday as the United States and Europe completed the  first day of official team practice.
Oracle's Earnings Just Top Expectations SAN FRANCISCO - Business software maker Oracle Corp.'s quarterly earnings exceeded analyst expectations, overcoming sluggish sales in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long-sought takeover of rival PeopleSoft Inc.    The Redwood Shores-based company said Tuesday it earned \$509 million, or 10 cents per share, during the three months ended in August, a 16 percent improvement from \$440 million, or 8 cents per share, at the same time last year...
CIA Nominee Promises to Shed Partisanship WASHINGTON - President Bush's nominee to head the CIA promised Tuesday to shed his political past and provide precise, objective and independent intelligence to the president and Congress. But after a 4 1/2-hour confirmation hearing, some Democrats on the Senate Intelligence Committee were not convinced...
Schwab pays fine to settle allegations of improper trades CHICAGO _ Discount brokerage Charles Schwab Corp. on Tuesday settled regulators #39; allegations that it allowed scores of improper mutual fund trades, agreeing to pay a \$350,000 fine.
Homeowners told house prices could fall by 30 Britain #39;s homeowners were warned by a senior member of the Bank of England #39;s interest-rate committee yesterday to brace themselves for the  quot;significant probability quot; that house prices will fall by up to 30.
Langer expects  #39;the worst #39; Hal Sutton, at his press conference yesterday afternoon, was asked if his desperation to regain the Ryder Cup might encourage a repeat of the bad behaviour at Brookline in 1999.
Drogba silences French boos with a double hit Didier Drogba silenced the Paris St-Germain crowd who had booed his every move with a two-goal performance that made the striker look worth every penny of his 24 million transfer from Marseilles.
F1 move to clear track debris Jacques Villeneuve is in line for a shock return to Formula One with Renault as temporary replacement for Jarno Trulli. The former world champion, dropped by BAR last season, had a seat fitting 
Red Wings re-sign Yzerman to 1-year deal DETROIT - Steve Yzermans reign as the longest serving captain in NHL history is not over yet. The Detroit Red Wings on Tuesday re-signed Yzerman to a one-year contract, ensuring the veteran center his 19th year as team captain.
UN still cant rule out Iran N-plan VIENNA, SEPTEMBER 14: After two years of investigating Irans atomic programme, the UN nuclear watchdog still cannot rule out that Tehran has a secret atom-bomb project as Washington insists, the agencys chief said on Tuesday.
ADAMS #39; BUG GIFT FOR BLAIR SINN Fein boss Gerry Adams plans to start tomorrow #39;s Ulster peace talks by handing Tony Blair a bug found at the party #39;s offices.
Middlesbrough beat Man. City to narrow gap with top four Middlesbrough narrowed the gap within two points with the top four after grabbing a 3-2 win over Manchester City in the Premier League at the Riverside Stadium on Monday.
Oracle sees profits surge 16 Oracle, the world #39;s second largest software producer, has seen first quarter profits surge 16 on the back of strong sales of database products.
Sony unveils PDA with next-generation organic EL display TOKYO - Sony Marketing (Japan) Inc said Tuesday it will begin selling a personal digital assistant Sept 25 equipped with an organic electroluminescent display, a next-generation monitor.
Patience is a virtue for Wenger Patience was something Arsne Wenger felt his Arsenal side lacked in the opening game of last season #39;s Champions League campaign, when Inter Milan took advantage to romp home 3-0.
EUROPE AND US CLASH OVER IRAN A rift has emerged between the US and Europe over how harshly to deal with Iran and its suspect nuclear program. The Europeans are ignoring American suggestions and circulating their own recommendations to 
Asset Sales Seen of Limited Use to US Air  CHICAGO (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,  desperately trying to slash costs in bankruptcy to ensure  survival, may not be able to find much relief through a  potential sale of its assets, analysts said on Tuesday.
U.S. to Rejoin Coffee Trade Regulators (AP) AP - The United States plans to rejoin the international body that regulates the global coffee trade. Assistant Secretary of State Anthony Wayne will make the formal announcement Wednesday, the State Department said in a statement.
Supreme Court Bars Anti-Abortion Group Ad (AP) AP - The Supreme Court declined Tuesday to allow a Wisconsin anti-abortion group to run political ads this fall that criticize Democrats.
Tokyo Stocks Seen Steady After Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese stocks are expected to move  little on Wednesday following lackluster trading in the United  States and as investors take a breather after the Tokyo  market's recent gains.
Lockheed, GD Win U.S. Army Contract  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army on Tuesday awarded  General Dynamics Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GD.N&lt;/A&gt; the lead role in developing a new  warfighter communications system, with Lockheed Martin Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LMT.N. target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LMT.N.&lt;/A&gt; to get an equal share of the work, which GD said was  worth \$7 billion through 2018.
U.S. Study Says a Nuclear Iran Would Aid More Terror  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Iran could acquire a nuclear bomb in  the next one to four years and would become more willing to aid  terrorist groups once it has an atomic capability, according to  a U.S. study released on Tuesday.
Deadlock over Axum obelisk Strained relations between Eritrea and Ethiopia could prevent the Axum obelisk's return to Ethiopia from Italy.
Hunting ban to be debated by MPs A ban on hunting with dogs in England and Wales is expected to be backed by MPs on Wednesday.
SHOPTLAK: A Phrase That Heals All Wounds (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - No one in advertising can doubt the power of juvenile humor. Now, Marvin Waldman wants to put it to good use. The former executive creative director at Young   Rubicam in New York, who left in 1999 to focus on social-marketing projects, has come up with a bumper sticker and Web site introducing a phrase he says can bring Democrats and Republicans together: "Cheney is a Dick."
Romanow says a health deal without accountability would be a huge mistake (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government will be making a huge mistake if it gives the provinces more money for health without attaching conditions to ensure it is spent to reform the system, says Roy Romanow.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower on Profit Grab  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average opened down  0.15 percent on Wednesday as investors took a breather from the  market's recent rises and sold shares of gainers such as Sharp  Corp.
OPEC plans to discuss raising its output ceiling VIENNA OPEC oil ministers are meeting on Wednesday in Vienna to consider changes to the group #39;s formal output ceiling even as crude prices remain high despite the cartel #39;s efforts to lower them.
Former Enron pension plan participants to finally receive benefits Over 17,000 former Enron or Enron-affiliated workers, who had money tied to four pension plans when the company collapsed in 2001 amidst revelations of accounting fraud, will receive their benefit payments.
10 Gigabit Ethernet Hits the Enterprise Vendors Hewlett Packard, Alcatel and S2io each announced 10 Gigabit Ethernet products Monday that are aimed squarely at enterprise data centers.
Techician pleads guilty in ID theft case A computer technician who prosecutors said made possible the largest identity theft in US history, surpassing \$US50 million (\$A71.
UK scientists help astronomers capture  #39;galactic ballet #39; 300m &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; STUNNING images have captured what astronomers call  quot;the graceful interactions of a galactic ballet, played out on a stage some 300 million light years away quot;.
Chelsea impresses in opening Champions League match, downs PSG 3-0 Chelsea coasted to a 3-0 win over Paris Saint-Germain thanks to two Didier Drogba goals to open Champions League play in style Tuesday.
Dent moves past Aussie in China Open American Taylor Dent has squeezed in an opening-round victory over Australian Peter Luczak before rain washed out the rest of the day #39;s play at the China Open at Beijing.
Red Wings re-sign Yzerman Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - The Detroit Red Wings Tuesday re-signed center Steve Yzerman to a one-year contract. Financial terms were not disclosed.
Bonds should get his chance in Milwaukee Barry Bonds didn #39;t have to worry about another  quot;not-in-my-ballpark quot; manager ordering his team to pitch around the San Francisco slugger.
Giambi returns to Yankees #39; lineup Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - New York Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi will make his first appearance since late July, as the former American League MVP was inserted in the starting lineup for Tuesday night #39;s game against the Kansas City Royals at 
Cross-Atlantic rift reemerges over Iran A rift has surfaced between the United States and the European Union over how to deal with Iran over its suspected nuclear weapons programme.
Al Fayed Vows to See Diana Crash Photographers Convicted Mohamed Al Fayed tonight vowed to continue his campaign to see three photographers who took pictures of Diana, Princess of Wales, and his son Dodi at the scene of their deadly crash, convicted of invasion of privacy.
Anwar awaits key court decision Malaysia #39;s former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim is expected to find out on Wednesday whether he can return immediately to active politics.
Hurricane onslaught may blow hole in US economy As hurricane Ivan roared northwards yesterday through the Gulf of Mexico towards landfall in the US as early as this evening, Wall Street analysts warned that the damage could extend beyond buildings into the wider economy.
Oracle Income Grows on Database Software Sales Oracle on Tuesday announced a 16 percent increase in its first-quarter net income, attributing the gain to demand for its database software, Oracle Database 10g.
Citigroup apology on bond deals LONDON Citigroup told employees on Tuesday that it regretted executing a recent E11 billion bond trade that angered its peers in Europe and sparked an investigation by Britain #39;s market regulator.
SD in the cards for Nokia &lt;a href="http://news.com.com/NokiajoinsSecureDigitalindustrygroup/2100-1039_3-5365922.html"&gt;Nokia joins Secure Digital industry group&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;CNET News.com&lt;/nobr&gt;
US Study Says a Nuclear Iran Would Aid More Terror Iran could acquire a nuclear bomb in the next one to four years and would become more willing to aid terrorist groups once it has an atomic 
Two sides to Indonesian election JAKARTA A bomb in Jakarta 11 days before Indonesia #39;s presidential election may lead voters to decide a neck-and-neck race based on security concerns.
Oracle #39;s earnings top expectations by penny SAN FRANCISCO Business software maker Oracle #39;s quarterly earnings barely exceeded analyst expectations, despite sluggish sales.
Standards Group Rejects Microsoft #39;s E-Mail Authentication Plan The Internet Engineering Task Force has nixed Microsoft #39;s Sender ID proposal because of patent concerns. By Thomas Claburn. The Internet Engineering Task Force, an international standards organization, has 
O #39;Grady third in stage STUART O #39;GRADY finishedthird behind American David Zabriskie in the 165.8km 11th stage of the Tour of Spain today. Despite a furious chase by the peloton close to the finish, Zabriskie, who had gone it alone 
Bonds Should Get Shot at 700 in Milwaukee (AP) AP - Barry Bonds didn't have to worry about another "not-in-my-ballpark" manager ordering his team to pitch around the San Francisco slugger. Ned Yost of the Milwaukee Brewers swore he wouldn't hold another walk-fest for Bonds, who entered a three-game series at Miller Park on Tuesday night one home run shy of joining Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron in the 700-homer club.
Putin Tactics Unlikely to Stem Terrorism (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin says he will fight terror by consolidating security agencies and further tightening political control over the country. But his tough tactics risk alienating the public support he needs, and allies abroad seem to be ignoring his pleas to crack down on Chechen separatists.
LotR: The Battle for Middle-Eart EA #39;s Lord of the Rings-themed RTS is marching into stores nationwide. Precious details inside... Electronic Arts has announced today that the company has shipped their latest title based on the popular Lord 
Giambi Returns to Yankees' Lineup (AP) AP - Jason Giambi returned to the New York Yankees' lineup Tuesday night for the first time since July 23, batting sixth against the Kansas City Royals.
Tropical Storm Jeanne Forms in Atlantic (AP) AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne formed Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean and was expected to hit Puerto Rico with strong wind and heavy rain by Wednesday morning.
Game warnings  #39;should be clearer #39; Warnings on computer games are not big enough, and more needs to be done to help parents understand age limts, a government minister has said.
Bryant's Attorneys Ask Judge for Limits (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant's attorneys asked a judge Monday to make sure the NBA star doesn't have to answer questions about other "consensual relationships" as he defends himself against a civil lawsuit accusing him of rape.
Thousands in asbestos rally THOUSANDS of construction workers and victims of asbestos were today making their way through central Sydney to rally outside a general meeting of James Hardie shareholders.
Russian stocks grow on PM #39;s proposals RBC, 14.09.2004, Moscow 16:47:50.News about Russian President Vladimir Putin #39;s approval of Prime Minister Mikhail Fradkov #39;s proposal to exchange a stake in Gazprom for Rosneft assets spurred an upward trend on the stock market, traders say.
SunTrust reportedly will close 60 branches after merger SunTrust Banks (NYSE: STI) will close about 60 branches after the completion of its acquisition of Memphis, Tenn.-based National Commerce Financial Corp.
Trade group president blasts hedge funds #39; role in scandal BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Mutual-fund companies will feel the impact of the improper trading scandal for years, the president of the industry #39;s trade group cautioned.
China Construction Valued at 194 Bln Yuan on Revamp (Update2) China Yangtze Power Co., Shanghai Baosteel Group and State Grid Corp. will invest 8 billion yuan (\$964 million) in China Construction Bank in a reorganization valuing the nation #39;s third-largest lender at 194 billion yuan.
Yahoo! Buys Musicmatch To Bolster Online Music Offerings The competition arrayed against Apple in the growing online music market is shifting. In a deal valued at US\$160 million, Yahoo! announced today the acquisition of one-time Apple partner Musicmatch.
Microsoft Issues Patch; E-Mail ID Plan Rejected Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O released on Tuesday a patch for its latest  quot;critical quot; rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programs.
12:36 pm: Computer technician pleads guilty to conspiracy for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A computer technician who prosecutors said made possible the largest identity theft in US history, surpassing \$50 million (?40 million), pleaded guilty Tuesday 
Soccer / Champions League - Clinical Chelsea axes PSG Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba netted twice to fire last season #39;s semifinalists Chelsea to a clinical 3-0 victory over hapless Paris St.
San Francisco at Milwaukee, 1:05 PM MILWAUKEE (Ticker) -- Barry Bonds tries to go where just two players have gone before when the San Francisco Giants visit the Milwaukee Brewers on Tuesday.
Giambi Returns To Yankees #39; Lineup Kansas City, MO -- New York Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi will make his first appearance since late July, as the former American League MVP was inserted in the starting lineup for Tuesday night #39;s game against the Kansas City Royals at Kauffman Stadium 
50 killed in blast at Baghdad police station Over 50 people were killed when a car bomb exploded at a police station and recruitment center in Haifa Street in central Baghdad.
US-Turkish Relations Strained The United States reassured Turkey over a military operation in northern Iraq which has reportedly claimed the lives of ethnic Turkmen civilians, but Ankara appeared unimpressed.
East Timor gas talks to end soon Australia hoped to finalise negotiations with East Timor over oil and gas reserves by the end of the year, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.
Oracle shows sales and earnings growth Oracle Corp. reported revenue and earnings growth in its first fiscal quarter, with its revenue from new software licenses rising 7 percent, to \$563 million.
LogicLibrary buys BugScan Software asset management tools vendor LogicLibrary on Wednesday plans to announce its acquisition of BugScan, which provides security analysis capabilities to identify code vulnerabilities before application deployment.
Todays Opec wields oil power with care VIENNA: Oils record price surge has thrust the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) into the political spotlight more than any time since the 1970s.
Oracle Quarterly Income Rises 16 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp.  on Tuesday\reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly profit fueled by steady\demand for its flagship database software, but executives\warned that customers were still cautious about spending on\technology.
U.S. softens oil sanctions threat against Sudan in revised UN resolution (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - UNITED NATIONS (AP) - The United States softened its threat of oil sanctions against Sudan on Tuesday to try to get Security Council approval for a resolution pressuring Khartoum to rein in Arab militias accused of attacking civilians in western Darfur.
Some Firms Avoid Dent From Scandal (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Despite a year of negative headlines, the investing public doesn't understand the mutual fund scandal, couldn't care less and hasn't lost much confidence in the fund families where they invest, says a new study released this week.
Large, N.B. paper mill closes doors, putting at least 400 people out of work (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - FREDERICTON (CP) - The New Brunswick government says there was nothing it could do to prevent the abrupt closure of a major pulp mill in the province, short of buying the cash-strapped operation.
Oracle Quarterly Income Rises 16 Percent  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a 16 percent rise in quarterly profit fueled by steady  demand for its flagship database software, but executives  warned that customers were still cautious about spending on  technology.
Highlights From Tuesday's Primaries (AP) AP - Highlights from the eight states that held primaries Tuesday:
Rattay, Barlow Questionable for 49ers (AP) AP - San Francisco quarterback Tim Rattay and running back Kevan Barlow are questionable for Sunday's game at Arizona, the latest misery in the 49ers' 1-11 season.
Production Quota Hike Opposed by OPEC Ministers Several OPEC members argued that the organization should raise its price band, but ministers remained deadset against hiking its official production quotas in a bid to stabilize the oil market.
Inflation rate rises for fourth month in a row The rate of inflation rose in August for the fourth successive month as this year #39;s series of interest rate rises drove up the cost of buying a house.
We #39;re sorry, Citigroup tells staff Citigroup, the world #39;s biggest bank, yesterday issued an humiliating apology to its staff after a bond trading coup in August that sparked investigations by regulators across Europe.
Thousands of pictures worth one word: Organization Now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem: bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives.
Ryder-Waiting game almost over at Oakland Hills The intensity, expectation and pressure began to heighten for the 35th Ryder Cup on Tuesday as the United States and Europe completed the first day of official team practice.
Villeneuve May Drive for Renault F-1 Team in Final Three Races Jacques Villeneuve, the 1997 Formula One champion, may drive for Renault in this year #39;s final three races if he impresses in tests today and tomorrow, team manager Flavio Briatore said.
Minnesota Wild re-sign defenceman Nick Schultz to one-year deal The Minnesota Wild re-signed defenceman Nick Schultz to a one-year contract on Tuesday. Schultz established career-highs in games played (79), goals (6), assists (10), points (16), shots (72) and plus/minus rating (12) last season.
Killer Ivan enters Gulf of Mexico Hurricane Ivan has entered the Gulf of Mexico packing maximum sustained winds of near 160 miles-an-hour. The National Hurricane Center says gusts are even higher and Ivan remains an  quot;extremely dangerous quot; Category Five hurricane.
News: Microsoft warns of poisoned picture peril A vulnerability in Windows XP and other products means JPEG viruses may not remain just a hoary myth.\
Militants May Attack Iraq Universities (AP) AP - A militant group threatened Wednesday to attack Iraqi universities if Iraqi authorities continued to permit women to study alongside men, according to a videotape broadcast on the Arab language Al-Arabiya television station.
Judge OKs Rights Suit Against Unocal (AP) AP - A lawsuit against Unocal Corp. over alleged atrocities that occurred during a 1990s pipeline project in Myanmar can proceed before a jury, a California judge ruled Tuesday.
Ottawa rejects premiers' demand for  #36;36.5 billion in new health cash (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - First the premiers snubbed Paul Martin's breakfast invitation. Then the prime minister reacted in kind to their demand for  #36;36.5 billion in new health-care funding.
Grimes to Face Weworski in Amateur Final (AP) AP - Virginia Derby Grimes, a two-time Curtis Cup player who underwent spinal fusion surgery in 2002, will face Corey Weworski in the championship match of the U.S. Women's Mid-Amateur.
Bush Spending Little Time at White House (AP) AP - If you're looking for President Bush, don't bother searching the White House. Bush has not spent a full day in Washington since Aug. 2  #151; roaming the country rather than staying in the Oval Office as he seeks a second term.
Kerry Vows to Ease Seniors' Health Costs (AP) AP - Sen. John Kerry trumpeted his health care program Tuesday as a recipe to bring down soaring medical costs, rejecting Republican contentions that a Democratic plan would mean a government takeover.
Debates Panel Seeks Bush, Kerry Response (AP) AP - The commission that proposed three presidential candidate debates says time is running out for the Bush and Kerry campaigns to agree on details so organizers can finalize their plans.
Oracle seeks sales gain by wooing clients Oracle Corp Chief Executive Larry Ellison, who last week won a federal judge #39;s support for his US\$7.7 billion bid for PeopleSoft Inc, now needs to woo PeopleSoft customers to complete his plan to boost sales.
Citigroup memo apologised for bond trades Citigroup #39;s head of global capital markets, Thomas Maheras, sent a memo to employees apologising for a series of bond transactions last month which are now the subject of an investigation by the UK Financial Services Authority.
Retail Sales Down; Trade Gap Larger US retail sales dipped in August and the most comprehensive gauge of the US international trade gap widened to a record in the second quarter, government reports released on Tuesday showed.
Manpower survey: Hiring prospects look good but slowing Tightness in the labour market notwithstanding, the prospects for hiring in the third quarter are down from the second quarter, according to the new Manpower Employment Outlook Survey.
New XP patch issued MICROSOFT has found a new security flaw with its Windows XP operating system, warning an attacker could infiltrate other computers by persuading their owners to open a specialised graphics file.
Israeli cabinet approves payouts for Gaza settlers JERUSALEM Israel #39;s security cabinet on Tuesday approved a compensation package that would pay roughly \$200,000 to \$300,000 to each Jewish family that agreed to leave the Gaza Strip under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s withdrawal plan.
Turkey abandons plan for adultery to become a crime Turkey yesterday shelved plans to criminalise adultery which were threatening the country #39;s prospects of joining the European Union.
Brussels unveils plan to free-up market for car parts Plans to strip car makers of their exclusive right to sell spare parts such as bumpers, bonnets and headlights were outlined yesterday, as part of a drive to open up a 10bn market across Europe.
Bielsa Quits as Argentina Soccer Coach Weeks After Olympic Gold Marcelo Bielsa quit as coach of Argentina #39;s soccer team less then three weeks after guiding it to the nation #39;s first Olympic title in 52 years at the Athens Games.
Federer can win all four: Laver ROD LAVER, the last of only two men to win tennis #39; calender year Grand Slam, believes Roger Federer can become the first modern-day player to emulate his rare feat.
270,000 for settlers to quit Gaza Strip Jewish settlers in the occupied territories will soon be able to claim compensation, sometimes of more than 270,000, under guidelines approved yesterday by Israel #39;s security cabinet for the Gaza withdrawal plan.
Oracle's Earnings Just Top Expectations (AP) AP - Business software maker Oracle Corp.'s quarterly earnings exceeded analyst expectations, overcoming sluggish sales in a product line that the company hopes to bolster by completing a long-sought takeover of rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Lawmakers to Get Federal Pay Raise (AP) AP - With little debate, House lawmakers on Tuesday included themselves as part of a pay raise that all federal employees will receive next year.
Tokyo Stocks Dip on Profit-Taking  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average fell 0.38  percent by mid-morning on Wednesday as investors took a  breather from the market's recent rises and sold shares of  gainers such as Sharp Corp.
Child healthcare goals to be set The government is set to unveil standards for the healthcare of children and adolescents on Wednesday.
Panel Urges Child Antidepressants Warning WASHINGTON - Antidepressants should come with the nation's strongest warning - in a black box on the label - that they can sometimes spur suicidal behavior in children and teenagers, the government's scientific advisers decided Tuesday.    It's a rare risk, and therefore families need detailed information on how to balance that concern with the need to treat depression, which itself can lead to suicide, cautioned advisers to the Food and Drug Administration...
Opec #39;s delicate balancing act The threat of \$50 a barrel for the New York price seemed very real last month, but in the end it turned out to be a near miss. Still, there is plenty for Opec to think about as the group #39;s energy ministers gather in Vienna.
Canon, Toshiba to sell flat-panel TVs Canon Inc. and Toshiba Corp. said Tuesday they will start selling large-screen flat-panel TVs next year that boast better images and consume less power than plasma display panels and liquid crystal displays.
Wagoner: GM looking to cut costs, but nothing drastic on tap Lagging sales and lower-to-flat net vehicle pricing has General Motors Corp. searching for ways to trim costs, but the world #39;s largest automaker doesn #39;t expect drastic operational changes 
Yahoo! plays catch-up as it buys music download service LONDON - Yahoo! is joining the music-download arena with the \$160m acquistion of Musicmatch, which sees it playing catch-up with established competitors such as Apple #39;s iTunes, Coca-Cola #39;s MyCokeMusic and MSN Music.
Microsoft warns of poisoned picture peril The old bromide that promises you can #39;t get a computer virus by looking at an image file crumbled a bit further Tuesday when Microsoft announced a critical vulnerability in its software #39;s handling of the ubiquitous JPEG graphics format.
Software Tackles Digital Photo Proliferation Now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem -- what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
Langer, Sutton adjust to new Ryder Cup roles Their personalities couldn #39;t be more different but when it comes to their approach to the game of golf, Ryder Cup captains Hal Sutton and Bernhard Langer are two halves of the same ball marker.
Bielsa quits Argentine coaching post Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa has made a surprising decision of resigning on Tuesday after he steered his country to their first Olympic soccer gold medal in Athens.
Wild re-sign D Schultz ----- ST. PAUL, Minnesota (Ticker) - The Minnesota Wild on Tuesday re-signed defenseman Nick Schultz to a new contract. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Blue Jackets re-signs G Denis, RW Vyborny ----- COLUMBUS, Ohio (Ticker) -- The Columbus Blue Jackets retained a pair of players Tuesday, re-signing goaltender Marc Denis and right wing David Vyborny to multi-year contracts.
North Korea May Delay Nuclear Talks, US, UK Officials Say North Korea may delay discussions to prepare a fourth round of six-nation talks aimed at dismantling the communist nation #39;s nuclear programs, US and UK government officials said.
Anderson Going Back to the Titans  NASHVILLE, Tenn., (Sports Network) - The Tennessee Titans,  who lost kicker Joe Nedney for the season due to a hamstring  injury, have announced that they will bring Gary Anderson out  of retirement for the second time.
49ers Give Donahue Contract Extension  SANTA CLARA, Calif., (Sports Network) - The San Francisco  49ers Tuesday re-signed general manager Terry Donahue to a  multi-year contract. As per team policy, financial terms were  not released, but the deal is a four-year extension and will  run through 2009.
Vikings Add Depth in Secondary; Ink Shaw and Brown  EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn., (Sports Network) - The Minnesota  Vikings added some much- needed depth to its secondary on  Tuesday by signing veterans Terrance Shaw and Ralph Brown.
Crude prices rise as Ivan halts production in Gulf of Mexico Opec is under pressure to lift official production levels at a critical meeting today as global crude prices rose again on the back of pipeline attacks in Iraq and hurricanes heading for the Gulf of Mexico.
Vivendi Universal #39;s losses treble France #39;s largest media group, Vivendi Universal, yesterday revealed that first-half net losses had nearly trebled to 1.86bn (1.
EC takes on carmakers over parts The European commission yesterday lambasted European carmakers for an unprecedented campaign to overturn its plans to throw open the 10bn (6.
McDonald #39;s raises dividend 38pc, shares climb LOS ANGELES: McDonald #39;s Corp yesterday raised its annual dividend 38 per cent, a move the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalisation.
850 jobs hit as chiropody and dentistry are axed Boots is to shut down its lossmaking dentistry and chiropody services as part of its drive to focus on its high street retail chain.
Yahoo! expands in online music Yahoo! yesterday became the latest big name to make its presence felt in the burgeoning market for online music. The internet portal agreed a \$160m (89m) deal to acquire Musicmatch, a San Diego-based firm 
Napier man in Caribbean as violent storms hit When Napier man Matthew White moved to the Caribbean to work seven months ago, he expected an idyllic paradise with plenty of sun, palm trees, beautiful lagoons, and white sand beaches, however he never planned for one of the storms of the century.
US eases Sudan sanctions threat The United States has toned down its threat of UN sanctions against Sudan, but said oil sanctions should be considered if the African nation does not stop the violence in the troubled Darfur region.
Yahoo Buys Online Jukebox Musicmatch (AP) AP - Yahoo Inc. is buying online jukebox provider Musicmatch Inc. for  #36;160 million in a deal designed to broaden the Internet giant's appeal with the growing audience of consumers who buy songs off the Web.
Canada Nips Finland 3-2 in World Cup Final (AP) AP - The World Cup returned to Canada after 13 long years. How long hockey will be gone is anyone's guess.
Belkin Designs PC-Less Video Extender (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Belkin on Tuesday announced a wireless remote technology that would beam live video to a remote monitor.
Founder's Son Resigns from Robert Mondavi  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Winemaker Robert Mondavi Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOND.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOND.O&lt;/A&gt;, in the process of recapitalizing by eliminating the  controlling voting rights of the Mondavi family, said on  Tuesday that Michael Mondavi had resigned as an officer and  vice chairman.
Snow Says China Trade Gap Too Big  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow said  on Tuesday the U.S. trade deficit with China was too large,  less than a week after the government reported that the overall  U.S. trade gap hit its second-highest monthly level ever in  July.
Marchers demand James Hardie funds Union delegates, asbestos victims and workers are marching from Melbourne #39;s Trades Hall to the Stock Exchange, calling on James Hardie to provide sufficient funds for asbestos victims.
Novell announces Open Enterprise Server The new product incorporates commercial and open source networking platforms with integrated management tools and identity-based services.
Handset big five work together to drive mobile broadcast services Mobile handset manufacturers Motorola, NEC, Nokia, Siemens and Sony Ericsson have announced their co-operation in the Mobile Broadcast Services work, launched under the auspices of the sector trade association, the Open Mobile Alliance.
Doan Goal Lifts Canada to World Cup Glory Shane Doan scored 34 seconds into the third period to break a 2-2 tie and give Canada a 3-2 win over Finland in the championship game of the World Cup of Hockey on Tuesday.
Marlins belt three homers en route to 8-6 victory over Expos Bringing an appropriate end to their odd stay, Jeff Conine drove in the go-ahead run with a walk and the Marlins beat the Montreal Expos 8-6 Tuesday for a sweep of their miniseries at US Cellular Field.
Europe sets deadline for Iran to respond to nuclear concern Germany, France and Britain formally submitted a draft resolution Tuesday to the InternationalAtomic Energy Agency (IAEA), setting a deadline for Iran to respond to concern about its nuclear program.
This is a job for Batman! p2pnet.net OT News:- It was  #39;unbelievably easy #39; to breech security quot; and,  quot;.. it #39;s easier to get onto the Queen #39;s balcony than see my own children quot;.
Sharon death threats investigated Israeli authorities have launched an investigation into death threats against Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and other officials supporting his disengagement plan from Gaza and parts of the West Bank, Jerusalem police said Tuesday.
The boob tube on your smartphone Handset manufacturers unite to develop TV-enabled mobile phones, but dont expect to tune in on your cell phone anytime soon. In an attempt to make cell phones smarter and more expensive, the top five mobile 
Anderson going back to the Titans Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - The Tennessee Titans, who lost kicker Joe Nedney for the season due to a hamstring injury, have announced that they will bring Gary Anderson out of retirement for the second time.
Japan executes child killer A man convicted of murdering eight children in a frenzied knife attack at a primary school three years ago was hanged in Osaka yesterday, in Japan #39;s first execution for a year.
Devil Rays Cool Off Red Sox 5-2 (AP) AP - Rookie Scott Kazmir outpitched Pedro Martinez to lead the Tampa Bay Devil Rays over Boston 5-2 Tuesday night and sent the Red Sox to consecutive losses for the first time in more than five weeks.
Koizumi Visits Brazil's Expatriate Haven (AP) AP - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi arrived in Brazil on Tuesday on the first leg of a three-country trip that will also include Mexico and the United States.
Australia sends rescue team to Iraq amid confusion over hostage claims (AFP) AFP - Australia sent a special hostage rescue team to Iraq as it tried to unravel the mystery surrounding claims that Islamic militants had kidnapped two Australian security guards, officials said.
Blair Fears Climate Change Disaster, Challenges U.S. (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Tony Blair pledged on Tuesday\to force international action on global warming, despite the\reluctance of big powers like the United States.
Nikkei Eases by Midday; Techs Wilt  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average fell 0.29  percent by midday on Wednesday as investors took a breather  from the market's recent rises and sold shares of gainers such  as Sharp Corp. and other technology issues.
Studio Mogul Kerkorian And MGM, Off Again On Monday, billionaire Kirk Kerkorian sold Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for the third time. As a Hollywood reconciliation story, that means Kerkorian has bought and sold the venerable movie studio more times than Elizabeth Taylor married Richard Burton.
Federal Pension Agency Seeks More Power The government's pension insurer said Tuesday that it wants the authority to place liens on the assets of companies in bankruptcy such as US Airways when those companies do not make required payments to their pension plans.
Regulation of Credit Rating Examined Expressing impatience with the Securities and Exchange Commission, lawmakers said in a hearing yesterday that they will act to force stronger oversight of the influential credit rating business if the agency doesn't soon move on its own.
Privacy Complaint Against Airline Dismissed Northwest Airlines did not violate its own privacy policy and did not mislead customers when it shared passenger records with the government as part of a secret airline security project after the terrorist attacks in 2001, the Department of Transportation has ruled.
U.S. Plans to Divert Iraq Money The Bush administration asked Congress on Tuesday for permission to transfer nearly \$3.5 billion from Iraqi water, sewer and electricity projects to pressing security, economic and electoral programs, acknowledging that increasing violence has forced a sharp shift in its rebuilding effort.
Hotel Talks Show Mixed Progress The hotel business in Washington has largely bounced back since Sept. 11, 2001, argue some of the 3,800 hotel workers threatening a strike, but not for them.
Claim Against AmeriDebt Advances IRS Crackdown The Internal Revenue Service has filed a \$15 million claim against  AmeriDebt Inc. of Germantown in anticipation that the controversial credit-counseling firm's tax-exempt status will be overturned, according to documents filed in federal bankruptcy court.
Stores' Closure Jilts Brides   Ski buff Ashleigh Strobel envisioned an early winter wonderland for her wedding next month: royal-blue and white snow globes as centerpieces at each table, snowflake-shaped cookie cutters as favors and, glimmering over everything, eight crystal chandeliers lighting the reception hall behind the Walkersville Fire House.
Pierce Is Rare Mix Redskins linebacker Antonio Pierce was impressive during Sunday's 16-10 win. But just as significant was the leadership and intelligence he exhibited leading up to the game.
Canada Beats Finland in World Cup TORONTO, Sept. 14 -- The World Cup returned to Canada after 13 long years.
Cup of Civility on Menu Once the Ryder Cup matches begin Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club, the ideals of sportsmanship and civility will be more difficult to achieve than they are to talk about.
Preparing for Ivan Virginia Tech officials have been in contact with their counterparts at Duke as well as the ACC over concern about the impact Hurricane Ivan might have on Saturday's game.
Plenty of Tickets Remain Howard's 0-2 start and the threat of rain from Hurricane Ivan have slowed ticket sales for Saturday's Prince George's Classic at FedEx Field, organizers said Tuesday.
Yahoo to Buy Online Music Seller for \$160 Million In a move to expand its role in the online music business, Yahoo will buy Musicmatch, a company that sells music online, for \$160 million.
Record Deficit for a Crucial Trade Figure The United States hit a record deficit of \$166.2 billion last quarter in trade and capital flows with the rest of the world.
OPEC to Put Formal Lifting of Output on the Table Oil ministers are meeting to consider raising the formal output ceiling as crude prices remain stubbornly high despite OPEC's persistent efforts to lower them.
Senate Wants Intel Chief With Budget Say WASHINGTON - Senate leaders want to create a strong national intelligence director with budgetary authority but would leave the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies, The Associated Press learned Tuesday.    Sen...
New Scrutiny for Airline Bailout Plan Three Years After Sept. 11 The federal loan board that was created in 2001 to help assure the survival of the floundering airline industry may ultimately face the opposite task.
Opec resists raising output quota VIENNA: Opec is keeping its foot to the pedal on production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official output limits, Saudi Arabia said yesterday.
Deal key to opening energy sector to foreign investment SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Russian President Vladimir Putin approved a plan Tuesday to merge state oil company Rosneft into Gazprom, a move that would end restrictions on foreign ownership in the giant gas company, according to published reports.
Linux Standard Base Takes on Industry Fragmentation Following the release Tuesday of a new interoperable version of Linux, analysts said the standard should go along way towards preventing a serious roadblock to widespread acceptance of Linux 
Yahoo to Buy Online Music Seller for \$160 Million na move to expand its role in the online music business, Yahoo announced yesterday that it would buy Musicmatch, a company that sells music online, for \$160 million.
It May Not Be Red Sox-Yankees, but Ryder Cup Rivalry Is Real The Ryder Cup is always emotional, which ensures that it will be compelling. No other event in golf stirs up similar passions, and nobody involved seems immune to it.
 #39;Gates of hell #39; in Iraq as 75 die BAGHDAD: At least 75 people were killed yesterday in a Baghdad car bombing and in an ambush on police in Baquba as fighting flared between US troops and insurgents in Ramadi.
Database Success Helps Oracle Increase Profit The Oracle Corporation reported Tuesday that first-quarter earnings had risen 16 percent on strong demand for its flagship database programs, enabling the company 
No Systematic  #39;Late Trading #39; Found Brokerage giant Charles Schwab Corp. agreed yesterday to pay \$350,000 to end a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into allegations that its brokers improperly allowed some 
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Marlins Make Most Of Playing In Chicago Bringing an appropriate end to his team #39;s odd stay, Jeff Conine drove in the go-ahead run with a walk in the seventh inning yesterday and the Marlins beat the Montreal Expos, 8-6, for 
Bonds Blast Would Make Milwaukee Famous Wherever Barry Bonds turned Tuesday night, he was confronted with another symbol of his conflicting legacy. Hanging over his head in left field was Hank Aaron #39;s retired No.
World Briefings BRITAIN: BLAIR WARNS OF CLIMATE THREAT Prime Minister Tony Blair urged the international community to consider global warming a dire threat and agree on a plan of action to curb the  quot;alarming quot; growth of greenhouse gases.
Amazon to Take Searches on Web to a New Depth Amazon.com, the e-commerce giant, plans to take aim at the Internet search king Google with a new advanced technology.
Database Demand Gives Oracle 16 Profit Rise Just as lawyers are preparing to defend Oracle's hostile bid to acquire PeopleSoft, Oracle reduced its all-cash offer for the company from \$26 to \$21 per share.
Reds Hold on to Beat Phillies 7-6 (AP) AP - Felipe Lopez hit a tiebreaking two-run triple in the sixth inning and the Cincinnati Reds held on to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 7-6 Tuesday night.
House Backs Bush on Mexican ID Cards (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Tuesday voted to support a Bush administration plan to allow\the use of Mexican identification cards to open U.S. bank\accounts.
It May Not Be Red Sox-Yankees, but Ryder Cup Rivalry Is Real The 35th Ryder Cup begins Friday, when the United States faces Europe at Oakland Hills Country Club.
China Party Chief Rules Out Multi-Party Democracy  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao  ruled out multi-party democracy on Wednesday on the eve of a  key meeting aimed at tightening the party's grip on power.
Film on cat killers draws protest Animal-rights activists demand a boycott of a Toronto screening of a flim about killing a cat.
Death Rates in Darfur Rising, WHO Says Between 6,000 and 10,000 people are dying from disease and violence each month in Sudan's Darfur region as heavy rains and a marauding militia hinder U.N. efforts to respond to one of Africa's worst humanitarian crises, according to a survey of mortality rates by the United Nations' World Health Organization.
Oracle Won't Predict PeopleSoft Acquisition Oracle Corp. may have won a major antitrust fight with the Justice Department last week over its proposed acquisition of PeopleSoft Inc., but that doesn't mean the company is on the verge of closing the deal. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Privacy Complaint Dismissed Northwest Airlines did not violate its own privacy policy and did not mislead customers when it shared passenger records with the government, the Department of Transportation has ruled. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Md. Voting Machine Custody Debated A volunteer Maryland election worker touched off a frenzied legal effort in Montgomery County yesterday after he refused to return a touch-screen voting machine, telling state election officials he intended to let an expert hired by CBS News examine it.
Yanks Widen Lead Over BoSox to Four Games (AP) AP - Mike Mussina pitched three-hit ball for eight innings and struck out a season-high 11, leading the New York Yankees over the Kansas City Royals 4-0 Tuesday night.
China's communist elite to mull "party building" at plenary session (AFP) AFP - China's ruling party opens its annual plenary session Thursday, with the communist elite battling to bolster its waning image amid an apparent power struggle between President Hu Jintao and military leader Jiang Zemin.
Oracle Won't Predict PeopleSoft Acquisition (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Oracle Corp. may have won a major antitrust fight with the Justice Department last week over its proposed acquisition of PeopleSoft Inc., but that doesn't mean the company is on the verge of closing the deal.
Hurricane Pushes U.S. Oil Toward \$45  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Wednesday as  Hurricane Ivan -- one of the fiercest storms on record --  churned toward the southeastern United States, while the dollar  struggled with worrying economic data.
Nikkei Falls by Midday, Techs Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei stock average fell 0.29  percent by midday on Wednesday as investors took a breather  from the market's recent rises and sold shares of gainers such  as Sharp Corp. and other technology issues.
Doan Goal Lifts Canada to World Cup Glory  TORONTO (Reuters) - Shane Doan scored 34 seconds into the  third period to lift Canada to a 3-2 win over Finland in the  World Cup of Hockey championship game on Tuesday.
Canada's Cup Victory May End Up Half Empty In what might have been the last high-level hockey game for a long time in North America, Canada won the World Cup of Hockey.
Oracle Won #39;t Predict PeopleSoft Acquisition Oracle Corp. may have won a major antitrust fight with the Justice Department last week over its proposed acquisition of PeopleSoft Inc.
Judge Won #39;t Dismiss Myanmar Suit Against Unocal A Los Angeles judge on Tuesday refused to throw out a lawsuit against Unocal Corp. over human rights abuses during the building of a pipeline in Myanmar.
Barcelona, Milan lead Group F with first round victories Scottish champions Celtic saw their three-year unbeaten home record in Europe broken Tuesday as they lost 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League Group F opener.
Royals rip Yankees for 17-8 win Rookie Brad Halsey was taking the injured Kevin Brown #39;s turn on Monday night, and the Yankees #39; worst-case scenario was about to be realized at Kauffman Stadium.
Devil Rays 5, Red Sox 2 Rookie Scott Kazmir outpitched Pedro Martinez to lead the Tampa Bay Devil Rays over Boston 5-2 Tuesday night and sent the Red Sox to consecutive losses for the first time in more than five weeks.
Critics Say Putin Must Address Security Corruption President Vladimir Putin #39;s move to enhance his power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem: the corrupt and unreformed security services that 
Shell opens door to links with Gazprom Jeroen van der Veer, chief executive of Royal Dutch/ Shell, has opened the door to future deals with Gazprom, the Russian gas group, by welcoming its rapid expansion into the oil sector.
CCB picks founding shareholders ahead of IPO State-run China Construction Bank, the countrys top property lender, has chosen five founding shareholders for its listing vehicle in an initial step towards an estimated \$10 billion IPO, a shareholder said on Wednesday.
METS 7, BRAVES 0 Benson Gets 4-Hit Shutout ris Benson, whose  quot;tired shoulder quot; briefly symbolized the Mets #39; season-long troubles, pitched a four-hit shutout last night as the Mets beat the Atlanta Braves, 7-0, at Shea Stadium.
Bonds Still Shy of 700 Barry Bonds goes 0-for-2 and draws two walks, one of them intentional, in San Francisco's 3-2 victory over Milwaukee, keeping the Giants in the wild-card lead.
Mussina Stymies Royals Mike Mussina pitches three-hit ball for eight innings and strikes out a season-high 11 as the Yankees blank Kansas City, 4-0, Tuesday night and boost the margin over second-place Boston to four games.
Sniffing worm snoops network PCs The latest variant of the SDbot worm contain network-sniffing software that enables it to retrieve passwords from other computers connected to the target PC.
Mourinho praise for Chelsea Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho has praised his team following the 3-0 Group H UEFA Champions League victory over Paris Saint-Germain at the Parc des Princes.
Astros 7, Cardinals 5 Roger Clemens won his 327th career game with seven strong innings, and the Houston Astros kept pace in the NL wild-card race by holding on for a 7-5 victory over the St.
Australia says no to talks amid kidnapping claims Australia vowed yesterday never to negotiate with terrorists amid claims Iraqi militants have kidnap-ped two Australians and will execute them unless Canberra withdraws its troops from the country.
Delta Pilots Tell Negotiators to Get Pact  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.'s pilots union on  Tuesday directed its negotiators to work out an agreement to  address the early retirement of a large number of pilots, which  threatens to push the No. 3 U.S. airline into a Chapter 11  bankruptcy filing.
Strong C\$ cuts Aber Diamond Q3 net to US\$8.5M; dividend and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The strong Canadian dollar chipped away at Aber Diamond Corp. #39;s quarterly profit but, with sales almost doubling from a year ago, the company said Monday it has initiated a dividend and a share buyback.
U.S. to Push for More Forex Flexibility  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow on  Tuesday pledged a renewed drive to get countries such as China  to adopt flexible currency rates in order to rein in the  swelling U.S. trade deficit.
His Sweet Spot Gone Sour, Sosa Takes a Dose of Boos While Mark McGwire avoids the spotlight and Barry Bonds closes in on 700 home runs, Sammy Sosa struggles to remain the forceful player around whom the Cubs revolve.
Malaysia's Anwar Loses Bid to Lift Political Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian rebel politician  Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court bid to erase  his criminal record and to immediately rejoin active politics,  leaving a royal pardon as his only way back.
Bleak Prognosis by C.I.A. Nominee Porter J. Goss said that rebuilding the C.I.A. would take more than five years and that spies must take more risks.
U.S. Oil Eyes  #36;45, Hurricane Shuts Output (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices headed up toward  #36;45 a\barrel on Wednesday as Hurricane Ivan shut 60 percent of crude\output in the Gulf of Mexico and at least five refiners along\the U.S. coast planned to close as a precaution.
Hurricane Pushes U.S. Oil Toward  #36;45 (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rose on Wednesday as\Hurricane Ivan -- one of the fiercest storms on record --\churned toward the southeastern United States, while the dollar\struggled with worrying economic data.
AL Wrap: Devil Rays Humble Red Sox, Yankees Triumph (Reuters) Reuters - Carl Crawford and Rocco Baldelli\cracked solo homers and rookie Scott Kazmir out-duelled Pedro\Martinez to lead the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to a 5-2 road win\over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday.
Fish, Spadea Win in Delray Beach (AP) AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea and second-seeded Mardy Fish won Tuesday night in the first round of the Millennium International Tennis Championships on Tuesday night.
NL Wrap: Bonds Denied Home-Run Milestone in Giants Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Barry Bonds failed to collect a hit in  his bid to join the 700-homer club, but he did score a run to  help the San Francisco Giants edge the host Milwaukee Brewers  3-2 in National League action on Tuesday.
SABMiller Venture to Buy Lion Nathan #39;s China Brewers (Update1) SABMiller Plc, the world #39;s second- largest brewer, said its Chinese venture agreed to buy three unprofitable breweries in China from Lion Nathan Ltd.
Jos. A. Bank Settles Probe Of Sales Ads Men #39;s apparel seller Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. has agreed to pay \$475,000 to settle an investigation by New York Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer, who accused the company of using deceptive 
National League Game Summary - Houston at St. Louis St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Lance Berkman went 4-for-5 and drove in three runs to lead Houston to a 7-5 win over St. Louis in the opener of a three-game set at Busch Stadium.
Court upholds Anwar political ban PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia -- Former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim will not be making a swift return to politics after the country #39;s Federal Court Wednesday upheld a 1998 corruption conviction against him.
Tal Afar civilians return home after nearly two-week assault Anxious civilians trickled back into Tal Afar yesterday, digging through the rubble of buildings flattened during a nearly two-week siege by US-led forces targeting foreign fighters holed up in the city astride a smuggling route to Syria.
Preparing for Playoffs Top drivers like Matt Kenseth have saved many of their alloted testing sessions for NASCAR's new season-ending 10-race playoffs.
A Blackbird's Song In California, a Laotian refugee remembers the long suffering of his country's Hmong tribespeople
Sick of Avian Flu Troubling new research and a lack of transparency raise the likelihood of a new pandemic on the horizon
Dangerous Commission Pervez Musharraf's war on al-Qaeda and on Pakistan's domestic extremists has earned him many enemies
Jury rules Sept. 11 attacks were 2 events A jury decided Monday that the attacks on the World Trade Center were two separate events for insurance purposes, meaning leaseholder Larry Silverstein can collect up to \$4.6 billion for rebuilding efforts.
Vivendi says it has turned the corner despite net loss Paris - Vivendi Universal #39;s recovery was almost complete, the French media and telecommunications giant said yesterday, despite a massive second-quarter net loss, bloated by the effects of the weaker dollar.
Tuesday #39;s AL Capsules Mike Mussina pitched three-hit ball for eight innings and struck out a season-high 11, leading the New York Yankees over the Kansas City Royals 4-0 Tuesday night.
Russian authorities plan to merge gas and oil producers Moscow - Russia plans to combine Gazprom, the world #39;s biggest natural gas producer, with state-owned oil producer Rosneft, easing rules for trading Gazprom shares and creating a company that may dominate the country #39;s energy industry.
Leather industry under threat Despite rapid growth in recent years, China #39;s leather industry still needs to improve the competitiveness to better weather possible impacts from growing international trade barriers, senior industry officials said.
AL Wrap: Devil Rays Humble Red Sox, Yankees Triumph Carl Crawford and Rocco Baldelli cracked solo homers and rookie Scott Kazmir out-duelled Pedro Martinez to lead the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to a 5-2 road win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday.
Action in Sudan is needed now One need look no further than the heated political and moral arguments about the United States led intervention in Iraq to see that forceful involvement in the affairs of a distant nation 
Cannonball Run road rally thwarted (Reuters) Reuters - Spanish police have temporarily\seized luxury and sports cars driven by people they\suspected of participating in an illegal road rally named\after a 1981 film starring Burt Reynolds.
Mussina Shows a Sparkle the Yankees Will Need A night after the Yankees gave up 17 runs in a loss, their outlook brightened considerably as Mike Mussina stifled the Kansas City Royals.
Swiss Army Knife Meets the Kitchen Sink Looking for a search toolbar, an RSS reader, online bookmark manager or web research manager?  Look no further: Pluck incorporates all of these features into a single, elegant search tool.
OPEC and Ivan Bring Pressure on Oil Prices Opec members have split on whether their output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause oil prices to drop.
Lion Nathan sells up Chinese operation Lion Nathan has been involved in the Chinese brewing industry since 1995 and its operations there employ more than 1,300 people, and produced 142 million litres of beer in the 2003 fiscal year.
Judge OKs Human Rights Suit Against Unocal A California judge on Tuesday kept alive a human rights lawsuit that claims energy giant Unocal Corp. should be held liable for the alleged enslavement of local residents during 
Yahoo! and Musicmatch: A Hot Duet? The \$160 million deal signals that Semel  amp; Co. will mount the biggest challenge yet to Apple #39;s dominance of online music. Since grabbing the helm at Yahoo (YHOO ) in 2001, CEO Terry Semel has banked on key 
Henry puts Arsenal on road to victory THIERRY HENRY inspired Arsenal to a victorious start to their Champions League campaign as Arsene Wenger #39;s side proved patience is a virtue at home to a cautious PSV Eindhoven side.
SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- It looked like Roger Clemens , Lance Berkman and Jeff Bagwell were leading the Houston Astros to an easy victory, but it turned out to be not so easy.
Israeli Troops Kill 5 in West Bank Clashes-Witnesses Israeli troops killed at least five Palestinian militants in the West Bank city of Nablus on Wednesday, witnesses said. A military spokeswoman confirmed operations were under way but declined to comment on casualties.
Palace steps up security as Batman walks Security was stepped up around Buckingham Palace yesterday after the embarrassing lapse that allowed a protester dressed as Batman to storm the building.
EU Forces Turkey to Backtrack on Adultery Amid protests from womens groups and warnings from the EU, Turkeys government agreed to measures that would appear to scuttle its plans to introduce legislation making adultery a crime.
Linux Standard Base Takes on Industry Fragmentation (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Analysts say a new standard version of Linux should go a long way to raise the platform's chances in the enterprise by improving open-source software's interoperability.
9/11 Widows Group to Endorse Kerry (AP) AP - A group of activist Sept. 11 widows said Tuesday they will campaign for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, charging the Bush administration stonewalled their efforts to uncover intelligence failures leading up to the attacks and took the nation into a misguided war in Iraq.
SI.com FLUSHING, New York (Ticker) -- A little bit of rest has done Kris Benson a world of good. Benson recorded his first shutout in more than four years and David Wright and Cliff Floyd each homered and drove in 
Jiang-Hu tussle ahead of China #39;s Communist Party plenum Beijing, Sept. 15 (PTI): The Communist Party of China will hold its fourth plenum here from September 16 to 19 to discuss key issues facing the nation but a reported power tussle between the camps of military 
Thousands rally against James Hardie THOUSANDS of construction workers and victims of asbestos were today making their way through central Sydney to rally outside a general meeting of James Hardie shareholders.
Yahoo! buys MusicMatch for \$160M Internet giant Yahoo! extended its reach in Net #39;s growing multimedia market today when it announced the deal to acquire media player software house MusicMatch.
Gentlemanly competition has potential to get out of hand The Ryder Cup matches were founded in 1927, in part, to promote sportsmanship and civility, and those ideals have been predominant themes in the run-up to what 
Rijkaard lauds Larsson Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard praised Henrik Larsson #39;s contribution as the striker scored on his return to Parkhead in the 3-1 win over Celtic.
Canadian gold rush: Thornton key to downing Finland Today may be a dark day for Canada and its national sport, but the country #39;s favorite sons lit up the night last evening. On the eve of an almost certain National Hockey League lockout 
SEEKING ANSWERS: Japan plans Sept. 29-30 abduction talks While Pyongyang will likely delay six-nation talks on its nuclear programs, Japan #39;s Foreign Ministry is preparing discussions with North Korea later this month in Beijing to finally get answers on 10 missing Japanese.
French Court Confirms Diana Paparazzi Acquittal Three photographers who took pictures of Britain #39;s Princess Diana and her friend Dodi al Fayed on the night of their fatal 1997 car crash did not break French privacy laws, an appeals court ruled Tuesday.
Malaysia high court upholds Anwar's corruption conviction, thwarting comeback (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (AP) - Malaysia's highest court upheld former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim's conviction for corruption Wednesday, stopping him from returning to electoral politics until 2008, despite his recent release from prison.
Malaysia's Anwar Loses Bid to Lift Political Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian rebel politician  Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court bid to erase  his criminal record, leaving a royal pardon as his only option  for a swift return to politics.
US dollar sinks to new lows EUROPEAN Union finance ministers today pressed for action by the US to prop up the dollar as eurozone nations expressed their deep disquiet at the parlous state of America #39;s national finances.
Vivendi posts big losses THE French media group Vivendi Universal today said that a surging net loss so far this year would give way to better-than-expected adjusted net income for 2004 as a whole.
Databases to the Rescue at Oracle Strength in the software giant #39;s mainstay product powered a healthy quarter. Weakness elsewhere shows why PeopleSoft is a target.
IBM, LG Electronics Put Brakes On Joint Venture IBM Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will end their eight-year joint venture company, LG IBM PC Co., by the year #39;s end, according to an Associated Press report.
Larsson helps Barca to victory against Celtic Celtic were on the receiving end of Henrik Larsson #39;s brilliance last night as they went down 3-1 to Barcelona in their opening Champion #39;s League match.
Discontent in China boils into public protest When the local government announced it was going to confiscate their homes and businesses to make room for a new development, residents of this village in southeastern China fought back.
NL Wrap: Bonds Denied Home-Run Milestone in Giants Win (Reuters) Reuters - Barry Bonds failed to collect a hit in\his bid to join the 700-homer club, but he did score a run to\help the San Francisco Giants edge the host Milwaukee Brewers\3-2 in National League action on Tuesday.
Tiger Put to the Ryder Cup Challenge (AP) AP - Tiger Woods has been chasing Jack Nicklaus in golf record books since he was a kid. When it comes to the Ryder Cup, though, Tiger doesn't mean Jack.
Viv Uni unfazed by \$2.2 bil loss The mood at Vivendi Universal #39;s headquarters was distinctly upbeat during a Tuesday morning news conference here to announce the company #39;s first-half results -- despite the fact that 
Oracle #39;s Earnings Just Top Expectations SAN FRANCISCO Sept. 15, 2004 - Oracle Corp. topped Wall Street #39;s profit forecast, but the business software maker saw sales of its business applications software slide 36 percent with the reversal of that 
SABMiller venture buys Lion Nathan #39;s China interest for US\$154m HONG KONG : Brewing giant SABMiller has said that China Resources Breweries Ltd., a joint venture in which it has a 49-percent stake, has bought the Chinese brewing interests of Australian brewer Lion Nathan for 154 million dollars.
Toyota takes Prius hybrid to China Toyota Motor Corp. will start building its Prius hybrid sedans in China next year with FAW Group in a step it hopes will promote the vehicles as the global standard for fuel-efficient cars.
C4 Systems wins contract The US Army named the Scottsdale-based division of General Dynamics Corp. on Tuesday as the lead contractor on a multibillion-dollar battlefield communication program.
Hiring slump continues for many in high-tech Researchers at the University of Illinois in Chicago have confirmed what many high-tech workers have long suspected: The job market for technology workers remains bleak, years after the US recession officially ended in late 2001.
Allied Waste cuts forecast Shares in Allied Waste Industries Inc. slid 9 percent in heavy volume Tuesday after the company lowered its profit expectations for the second time this summer.
Amazon to Take Searches on Web to a New Depth Amazon.com, the e-commerce giant, plans to take aim at the Internet search king Google with an advanced technology that the company says will take searches beyond 
Sony starts mass producing OLED displays Yesterday we talked about how Toshiba and Canon have formed a joint venture to develop SED display technology. Now comes news that Sony is ready to start volume production of OLED displays.
Bills for Domestic Programs, Disaster Relief Get Support Faced with pressures to deal with a spate of unanticipated natural disasters as well as with the election-year needs of dozens of key constituencies, Congress moved this week 
Internet is caught in its own web It is the news that Internet users do not want to hear: the worldwide web is in danger of collapsing around us. Patrick Gelsinger, the chief technology officer for computer chip maker Intel, told a conference 
Underdog role gives Europeans motivational edge On paper, it #39;s hardly a sporting proposition. It never is. On paper, the Ryder Cup is habitually a bigger mismatch than Lyle Lovett walking down the aisle with Julia Roberts.
Canada is World Cup champion When Wayne Gretzky began assembling Team Canada #39;s roster last spring for the World Cup of Hockey, he knew that nothing short of victory would appease a nation that had been stunned by the Americans in 1996.
Mussina pitches Yanks by Royals KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Mike Mussina pitched three-hit baseball for eight innings and struck out a season-high 11, leading the New York Yankees past the Kansas City Royals, 4-0, Tuesday night.
Astros escape with victory Batting practice barely had started Tuesday evening, but the Astros already had killed one bird. Although it was an accident when Chris Burke #39;s hard grounder killed a pigeon 
Twins put up nine-spot in sixth Because their delayed flight home from Detroit didn #39;t land until 4 am CT on Tuesday, the bleary-eyed Twins were admittedly dragging entering their series opener with the White Sox.
Comets remain in playoff race Over the first eight minutes it was hard to determine whether the Comets realized the desperate straits theywere in, trying to keep alive their faint playoff hopes.
Facing UN resistance, US drops call for oil embargo The United States yesterday softened its threat of sanctions against Sudan #39;s oil industry in a new UN draft resolution demanding a halt to the violence in Darfur.
Suicide bomber kills 47 in Baghdad A massive car bomb demolished a streetside market near a police recruiting station in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing 47 persons and wounding at least 88 -ost of them aspiring officers.
Police probe death threats against Sharon Jerusalem - Israeli police have launched an investigation into anonymous telephone threats to kill Prime Minister Ariel Sharon apparently linked to his plan to withdraw from the occupied Gaza Strip.
Bird flu jumps outside quarantine zone in Malaysia for 1st time A Malaysian state near the border with Thailand faces a quarantine to stop the spread of potentially deadly bird flu, which has spread inexorably since first being discovered in this country a month ago, a news report said 
China Party Chief Rules Out Multi-Party Democracy Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao ruled out multi-party democracy on Wednesday on the eve of a key meeting aimed at tightening the party #39;s grip on power.
Delta Pilots Tell Negotiators to Get Pact  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.'s pilots union on  Tuesday ordered its negotiators to strike a deal with the  carrier to address the possible retirement of a large number of  pilots, which could lead to grounded flights and push Delta  toward bankruptcy.
Dollar Stalls as Focus Shifts to Fed  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stalled on Wednesday after  weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data failed to provide new  direction for the market and focus shifted to what the Federal  Reserve would say after an expected rate rise next week.
Alitalia and pilots agree on new contracts MILAN Alitalia took a big step Tuesday toward resolving labor disputes that have threatened to push the Italian airline into bankruptcy, agreeing to new contracts with 2,300 pilots.
Oracle beats forecast by penny, stock up SAN FRANCISCOOracle Corp. reported a 16 per cent rise in quarterly net income yesterday as the world #39;s second-largest software company benefited from steady demand for its flagship database software.
Toyota to make Prius hybrid cars in China Japan #39;s largest automaker Toyota Motor Corp. said Wednesday it has reached an agreement with China FAW Group Corp. to jointly produce Toyota #39;s Prius hybrid-engine cars in China by the end of 2005.
Howe to Mets: If I #39;m out, fire me now If the free-falling Mets have already decided to fire Manager Art Howe, he wants to be let go now instead of after the season.  quot;Why put me through this?
Sinn Fein accuses Government of bugging Sinn Fein has accused the British government of planting a bugging device in one of its Belfast offices. It is the second time in as many weeks that the Northern Irish party has produced what it claims is evidence of continued bugging by Downing Street.
Saudi Violence Pushes Oil Prices Higher Oil prices were forced higher today by an outbreak of violence in Saudi Arabia and concerns that Opec may cut output. The cost of a barrel of light, sweet crude oil climbed 
Senate Wants Intel Chief With Budget Say (AP) AP - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies.
US to change Iraq funding focus The US administration seeks to refocus its spending in Iraq on better security and other short-term needs.
Retail Sales Down in August Retail sales dropped 0.3 percent in August, led by a decline in automotive purchases, after climbing 0.8 percent in July, the Commerce Department said.
Argentina coach Bielsa resigns Argentina coach Marcelo Bielsa resigned out of the blue on Tuesday, less than one month after steering the twice world champions to their first Olympic soccer gold medal.
Special to ESPN.com TORONTO -- Long after the Finns had departed the ice, replaced by a throng of television cameras and the hopelessly odd looking World Cup of Hockey trophy, three Tampa Lightning teammates gathered for a picture along the boards, delirious Canadian fans 
Kazmir Shocks Red Sox With 9 Strikeouts As he took the mound to start the fifth inning Tuesday night, 20-year-old Scott Kazmir caught himself getting caught up in the moment.
GAME DAY RECAP Tuesday, September 14 Felipe Lopez gave the Cincinnati Reds the lead in the sixth inning with his bat and made sure they kept it in the ninth with his glove.
Mariners Edge Angels 3-2 (AP) AP - Bobby Madritsch pitched shutout ball into the ninth inning to beat Jarrod Washburn, and the Seattle Mariners hung on to defeat the Anaheim Angels 3-2 Tuesday night.
Zimbabwe Turns Back Clock After Turmoil (AP) AP - Things have gotten so bad in Zimbabwe that people have taken to telling a wry joke: "What did we have before candles?" The answer: "Electricity." Zimbabwe once boasted one of Sub-Saharan Africa's most vibrant economies, but four years of turmoil have erased that progress.
North Korea Looks to Delay Nuclear Talks (AP) AP - North Korea is looking for an extended delay in resuming negotiations over its nuclear weapons program and even told China there was no point in continuing the six-sided talks at all, a senior U.S. official says.
Senate Wants Intel Chief With Budget Say WASHINGTON - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies.    Sen...
Canon, Toshiba team up on flat screen SEDs MIGHTY COMBINES Canon and Toshiba said they will create a joint venture next month to develop, produce and sell surface conduction electron emitter display (SED) panels.
20,000 rally against Hardie MORE than 20,000 workers and victims rallied across Australia today, pledging to force James Hardie Industries to meet its responsibilities to those suffering asbestos related diseases.
Lion Nathan to sell Chinese business Trans-Tasman beer and wine group Lion Nathan is selling its Chinese beer business to the second largest brewer in China for \$US154 million, or \$A219 million.
New Windows Flaw Targets JPEG Images On Tuesday, Microsoft warned its customers that several of its products are vulnerable to a flaw in the way they handle JPEG graphics images.
Novell Comes Out Swinging Against Microsoft with Linux At the BrainShare Conference in Barcelona , Spain , Novell chairman and CEO Jack Messman talked up Linux and renewed his company #39;s attack on rival Microsoft.
SF  #39;bringing bug device to talks #39; Sinn Fein has said its delegation will bring the listening device found in its Belfast headquarters to Leeds Castle in Kent where the political parties will assemble for talks.
Flaws threaten Windows, Linux PCs At least a dozen Microsoft software applications and operating systems affected. Also: The talking worm.
HBOS decides not to bid for Abbey UK bank HBOS has decided not to make a bid for Abbey, the bank has said. Many observers had expected HBOS to make a play for Abbey, which had agreed to a 8.
Court May Decide Fate Of NZ #39;s Vector Float, NGC Bid WELLINGTON (Dow Jones)--A High Court ruling later Wednesday may decide the fate of the Auckland Energy Consumer Trust #39;s plan to partially float its fully-owned Vector Ltd.
Trash Your Xerox If there were a contest for world #39;s worst corporate slogan,  quot;Technology/Document Management/Consulting Services quot; would definitely make the top 10.
Mourinho hands Chelsea #39;s Drogba a day off Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho was happy to give Didier Drogba the day off after his two-goal salvo against PSG last night. Drogba, 26, is due to collect the Marc-Vivien Foe award for the best African Footballer 
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Johan Santana continues his push for the American League Cy Young Award, as he takes the ball for the Minnesota Twins in the opener of a three-game series against the visiting Chicago White Sox.
Dodgers Defeat Padres 6-3 (AP) AP - Jose Lima pitched into the seventh inning, Jayson Werth homered for the third game in a row and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the San Diego Padres 6-3 Tuesday night.
Kerry Targets Bush Economic Policy as 'Fiscal Mess' (Reuters) Reuters - Sen. John Kerry said on Wednesday the\United States needs to make the "right choices" on the economy,\and faulted President Bush for blaming others and offering\excuses for the White House's own failed economic policies.
S.Korean Spies Say Building Work Behind North Blast  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion in North Korea last week  may have been due to a combination of demolition work for a  power plant and atmospheric clouds, South Korea's spy agency  said on Wednesday.
Four executed in China for fraud China's crackdown on white-collar crime sees four people executed for defrauding two of the country's biggest banks.
Delhi and Dhaka in critical talks Senior interior ministry officials are due to meet in Dhaka amidst a souring of ties between India and Bangladesh.
Tokyo Edge: The Latest in Home Theater Do-it-all convergence devices, plus a MiniDisc player, both tiny and high-end cameras, and big LCD TV debut this fall.
HBOS won #39;t bid for Abbey National HBOS has dropped plans to bid for Abbey National, dampening hopes of a challenge to Spanish bank Santander #39;s agreed 8.8 billion pound takeover of Abbey.
Daewoo Heavy Wins \$51 Mil. Order Daewoo Heavy Industries  amp; Machinery said Wednesday that it has won orders in the United States worth \$51 million to supply manufacturing machines during the International Manufacturing Technology Show 2004, which began last Wednesday for an eight-day run 
Linux Standard Base Launched The Free Standards Group has released Linux Standard Base 2.0, a new Linux standard that has gained the backing of most major Linux suppliers.
More flaws found in Microsoft Windows The giant has released a patch so that Windows doesn #39;t let in hackers when it handles JPEG graphics formats. The flaw means that attackers can create an image file that will automatically run dodgy code, dump 
Still plenty, way too many, good seats available for Bonds On a balmy September summer evening at Miller Park, Barry Bonds, arguably the best player there ever was, had a chance to go where only two men in baseball history had gone before.
Villeneuve to race Renault Jacques Villeneuve will almost certainly race the final three grands prix of the season in a blue and yellow Renault. The out-of-work  #39;97 world champion, dumped by BAR late last year, is at Silverstone on Wednesday to test Jarno Trulli #39;s R24 car.
Sox suffer setback: Tampa rookie Kazmir shuts down Boston With a huge three-game series against the Yankees set to begin Friday in the Bronx, the Red Sox could hardly be blamed for viewing this week #39;s three-game set 
Howe Talks Job Security With Mets Owner, GM Manager Art Howe met with Mets owner Fred Wilpon and GM Jim Duquette yesterday, one day after saying that if the team planned to fire him, it should do it now.
US, Europe Differ on How to Rebuke Iran VIENNA, Austria Sept. 15, 2004 - Differences between the United States and Europe over how firmly to deal with Iran and its suspect nuclear program have resulted in the European Union pushing recommendations that ignore American suggestions.
Anwar Ibrahim to seek royal pardon Malaysia #39;s former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim will reportedly seek royal pardon to clear his name of a corruption conviction.
Deadline passes with no word on Australian hostages in Iraq SYDNEY - A deadline set by supposed hostage-takers in Iraq for Australian Prime Minister John Howard to announce a withdrawal of Australian forces from their country passed Wednesday with no announcement by Howard and no word on the hostages.
9 killed in clashes between Pakistani forces, militants At least nine were killed Tuesday in the clashes between Pakistani security forces and militants in the South Waziristan tribal area bordering Afghanistan, Daily Times reported Wednesday.
Signs Point to Hurricane's Retaining Strength Weather models and satellite measurements of ocean heat all indicated Tuesday that Hurricane Ivan was likely to remain an extremely dangerous storm as it roared ashore.
New Priorities in Environment The Bush administration has accelerated resource development on public lands and has pushed to eliminate regulatory hurdles for military and industrial projects.
Six killed in Kashmir violence, police break up protests (AFP) AFP - Indian troops shot dead four suspected Islamic militants in revolt-racked Indian Kashmir while rebels killed a soldier and a civilian in separate shootings, police said.
China Party Chief Rules Out Democracy  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao  called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the  eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out Western-style  democracy for China in a sign any reform would be incremental.
Cannabis may help combat cancer The chemical in cannabis that produces a high may help to combat cancer, research suggests.
Lion sells China breweries TRANS-Tasman beer and wine group Lion Nathan is selling its Chinese beer business to the second largest brewer in China for \$US154 million (\$219 million).
The Homer, by Powell Motors Have you ever seen that Wendy #39;s commercial with the guy who goes around advertising for Wendy #39;s because he loves their food so much, even though he is not actually a Wendy #39;s employee?
Software tackles digital photo proliferation SEATTLE - Now that digital cameras have overtaken film cameras in sales, users are beginning to encounter a familiar problem -- what to do with the bulging image files and folders filling up computer hard drives?
Nokia overcomes SD Card phobia &lt;a href="http://www.technewsworld.com/story/Nokia-Adopts-SD-Card-Tech-into-Storage-Portfolio-36603.html"&gt;Nokia Adopts SD Card Tech into Storage Portfolio&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;TechNewsWorld&lt;/nobr&gt;
Apple could pay more to Apple The row has been brewing almost as long as Steve Job #39;s computer outfit existed. In 1978 Apple Records sued Jobs and got an agreement that Apple Computer would never enter the music business.
Singapore outsources to HP THE SINGAPORE Government has decided to reverse the world-wide outsourcing trend and ship some work to HP. Singapore #39;s ministry of manpower has transferred IT staff to Hewlett Packard under an outsourcing contract.
Tennis: Spadea, Fish advance but three other seeds fall DELRAY BEACH, United States : Top seed Vince Spadea rallied to join second-seeded fellow American Mardy Fish in the second round of the ATP International Championship here.
UNDATED: points each. Tina Thompson scored 27 points and Sheryl Swoopes added 15 for Houston, which ended a four-game losing streak and kept its playoff hopes.
Photographers in Princess Di Case Absolved A Paris appeals court on Tuesday upheld the acquittals of three photographers accused of invasion of privacy after they took pictures of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed at the scene of their deadly crash.
Xerox wants to move away from Xeroxing THE BOSS of Xerox says she wants to move the company away from just photocopying and become an information services outfit. Xerox chairman and CEO Anne Mulcahy says she is prepared to buy consultancies in a bid to make her cunning plans come true.
The United States is favored to win the Ryder Cup Once again, it appears the United States is the favorite -- at least on paper -- to win the 35th Ryder Cup matches, which unfold this weekend at Oakland Hills in suburban Detroit.
Israel Offers Cash to Jewish Settlers Israel is offering cash advances of up to 115-thousand dollars to Jewish settlers willing to leave the Gaza Strip and West Bank. It #39;s the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s contentious pullout plan.
Britain slips down education league table The proportion of youngsters who drop out of the British education system is one of the highest in the developed world, according to an international study published yesterday.
Tokyo Edge: The Latest in Home Theater (PC World) PC World - Do-it-all convergence devices, plus a MiniDisc player, both tiny and high-end cameras, and big LCD TV debut this fall.
Rangers Defeat Athletics 12-9 (AP) AP - Alfonso Soriano had three hits and two RBIs as the Rangers responded with their bats to beat the Oakland Athletics 12-9 Tuesday, a night after Texas reliever Frank Francisco threw a plastic chair into the stands and broke a woman's nose.
Marion Barry Victorious in Comeback Bid (AP) AP - Former Washington Mayor Marion Barry, infamous for being caught smoking crack on an FBI videotape, has made it back to city hall  #151; again.
OPEC wrestles over output increase as hurricane, Iraq attacks lift &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OPEC members were divided yesterday on whether their output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause oil prices to drop.
HBOS won #39;t bid for Abbey National HBOS has decided against bidding for Abbey National, dampening hopes of a challenge to Spanish bank Santander #39;s agreed 8.8 billion pound takeover and hitting the target #39;s shares.
Amvescap cuts interim dividend by half Anglo-US fund firm Amvescap has announced a 50 percent cut to its interim dividend but says it plans to return to a progressive dividend policy for 2005 onwards.
Boston-area tech jobs decline Greater Boston ranks third among top information technology labor markets that have lost a significant number of tech jobs, according to a study released yesterday.
Three Rivals To Release Networking Devices That Target Convergence &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Networking rivals Cisco, 3Com and Enterasys all will release a series of products this month designed to upgrade the infrastructures of businesses of all sizes.
Before hiatus, Canada wins The hockey season started early this year and, after two entertaining weeks of the World Cup, it ends for who knows how long. Despite the impending announcement of an NHL lockout today 
Madritsch, M #39;s deflate Angels; Ichiro up to 232 The reasons for Mariners pitcher Bobby Madritsch #39;s remarkable rebirth from baseball #39;s scrap heap to mound renown become more apparent with each outing.
Giambis ecstatic to be in Yanks starting lineup After Jason Giambi put on his gray No. 25 Yankees road jersey yesterday afternoon, he breathed a sigh of a relief. He was back in the majors.
Villeneuve test could lead to F-1 ride with Renault Jacques Villeneuve will test for Renault today and tomorrow and the former Formula One champion could be back racing as early as next week.
Special to ESPN.com MILWAUKEE -- There are easier things to do than to celebrate Barry Bonds when he isn #39;t actually making history. But at least you don #39;t have to worry about losing your voice or burning up the batteries in your tape recorder.
Herd #39;s Pruett apologizes for  #39;Mandingos #39; remark Marshall University football coach Bob Pruett has apologized for using a term some consider a racial slur, a newspaper reported. In his weekly news conference leading up to Saturday #39;s game, Pruett called the 
Turkey Backs Off Plan to Outlaw Adultery Turkey #39;s leaders distanced themselves from a proposal to outlaw adultery after the opposition came out against it and western governments made clear enacting the law would 
Blurry Image Might Be First Picture of Exoplanet (Reuters) Reuters - The image of a blurry red ball near\a failed star just might be the first picture ever snapped of a\planet outside our solar system, an astronomer who helped find\the object said on Monday.
Dutch Find Greater Threat to Humans from Bird Flu (Reuters) Reuters - Dutch scientists have determined bird\flu can spread more easily among humans than was previously\thought, researchers said Tuesday.
Russia Rejects U.S. Criticism of Planned Reforms  ASTANA (Reuters) - Russia on Wednesday curtly rejected U.S.  criticism of sweeping political changes proposed by President  Vladimir Putin, telling Washington to stay out of its business.
Israel Kills 5 Palestinian Militants in W.Bank Raid  NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Israel killed five  Palestinian militants in a West Bank raid on Wednesday, keeping  up pressure on armed factions as Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's  plan for a partial pullout from occupied lands moved forward.
Opec considers fresh output rise A meeting of the oil producers' group in Vienna will consider whether to boost output to rein in price rises, Saudi officials say.
Rays are spoilsports Kevin Millar, at the center of a scrum of New York media types seeking some back-page material for the weekend Red Sox-Yankees series, insisted before last night's first pitch that his team's focus had not strayed ahead to the pinstripers.
Freezing point is near The curtain is set to come down on the 2004-05 National Hockey League season before it ever goes up.
No winners in blame game The National Hockey League stumbles into a new era tonight when the clock strikes 12. Away go the sticks and pucks, and out come the sticks and stones.
Obstacles? Sutton keeps on truckin' Ever since she was a little girl, buzzing around her father's knees while he worked on his race cars at the family garage, Kelly Sutton dreamed about being a racer. Just like her daddy and granddaddy.
Orlovsky does his level best The thought of going to Boston College, whose football camp Dan Orlovsky attended for three years when he was in high school, was dashed when the Eagles did not offer him a scholarship.
Mussina muzzles Royals Mike Mussina pitched three-hit ball for eight innings and struck out a season-high 11, leading the New York Yankees over the Royals, 4-0, last night in Kansas City.
Minor leaguers to be honored The Red Sox will honor their top minor league players in a ceremony before tonight's game against the Devil Rays. Among those cited will be a player in a Sox uniform -- outfielder Adam Hyzdu, named Triple A Pawtucket's Player of the Year after leading the International League with a .413 on-base percentage.
Probe can't rule out Iran atomic bomb plan, UN watchdog says VIENNA -- After two years of investigating Iran's atomic program, the UN nuclear watchdog still cannot rule out that Tehran has a secret atom bomb project as Washington insists, the agency's chief said yesterday.
Not all sweet for Lou Before last night's game against the Red Sox, Tampa Bay's Lou Piniella didn't want to talk about speculation that he will
McKenzie, Packers ready to talk Green Bay Packers cornerback Mike McKenzie's holdout could end soon.  quot;All I know is I'm meeting with Mike tomorrow at 8 o'clock, quot; coach-general manager Mike Sherman said last night.
Thornton has big assist in finishing the Finns When single-elimination play began in the World Cup of Hockey, Joe Thornton was converted by Team Canada coach Pat Quinn from a high-scoring pivotman to a checking center. His assignment was to shut down the other teams' top combinations. With his size, strength, and hockey sense, Thornton parlayed his new role into a crucial one that helped Canada ...
BC gives Skinner 2-year extension After guiding the Boston College men's basketball program to 80 victories and four postseason appearances (including three NCAA berths) in the last four seasons, Al Skinner yesterday was rewarded with a two-year contract extension that runs through 2009-10.
No airing of the pairings It is a team game, this Ryder Cup stuff that will commence Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club. So what are the teams? For the Americans, captain Hal Sutton isn't saying.
Mild Seven Renault F1 Team and Jarno Trulli announce early separation The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team and Jarno Trulli today announced that the Italian driver has been released with immediate effect.
The Chechen's Story: From Unrivaled Guerrilla Leader to the Terror of Russia The man accused of plotting the terror attacks in Russia was once capable of restraint.
LVMH profits rise on retail revival LVMH, the world #39;s biggest luxury goods company, has beaten forecasts with a 14-percent rise in first-half operating profits, helped by a rebound in retailing and strong sales at Louis Vuitton.
Magellan assets fall \$496m in August Fidelity Investments #39; flagship equity fund, Magellan, saw assets slip about \$496 million in August, to \$61.9 billion, primarily a result of investor withdrawals.
Yahoo Buys Musicmatch for \$160 Million In a bid to compete with Apple and Microsoft in the online music services market, online giant Yahoo announced yesterday that it would purchase MusicMatch for \$160 million.
Nokia Widens Storage with SD Cards Timo Poikolainen, vice president of technology marketing at Nokia, said  quot;This is a natural step in our digital convergence strategy to adopt leading technologies to launch new, compelling mobile devices and services.
No airing of the pairings It is a team game, this Ryder Cup stuff that will commence Friday at Oakland Hills Country Club. So what are the teams? For the Americans, captain Hal Sutton isn #39;t saying.
MLB investigating Oakland fracas com. The Rangers issued a statement from owner Tom Hicks on Tuesday apologizing for the event.  quot;On behalf of the Texas Rangers, I want to apologize for the conduct of some members of our club last night in Oakland, quot; said Hicks.
WENGER: WE #39;RE HAUNTED BY EURO FAILURE ARSENE WENGER admitted Arsenal are still haunted by their Champions League failures after they bored their way to a nervous victory at Highbury.
Benson #39;s four-hit shutout ups ante for contract Kris Benson continued to do his best negotiating on the mound last night, throwing a four-hit shutout as the Mets rolled over the Braves, 7-0, at Shea Stadium.
Childbirth deaths a crisis, #39; UN says While reproductive planning and women #39;s equality have improved substantially over the past decade, says a United Nations report, world population will increase from 6.4 billion today to 8.9 billion by 2050, with the 50 poorest countries tripling in 
European Shares Tread Water  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares traded sideways on  Wednesday but banks were a bright spot as Britain's HBOS  rallied on relief it would not be wading into a bidding war for  domestic peer Abbey.
US Treasuries Drift Lower, Data in Sight  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on  Wednesday in generally subdued trade, with some focus on the  day's economic numbers.
Tokyo Stocks End Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 1.21 percent  on Wednesday as investors took a breather after the market's  recent rises and sold shares of gainers including tech issues  such as Canon Inc.
US to purchase flu vaccine from Canada, Germany The US government is planning to purchase 5 million doses of flu vaccine from Canadian and German plants to deal with their shortages, the Canadian Broadcast Corporation (CBC) reported Monday.
Harvard fund soars 21.1 percent The Harvard University endowment yesterday reported a 21.1 percent gain on its investments for fiscal 2004, marking its best year since 2000. But the nation's largest university fund also issued a sober forecast that returns over the next decade will be dramatically lower than in the past 10 years.
Seeking the third way Boston's new common ground -- or a 21st century battleground for our age-old tribalism? There is no doubt what we want to encourage and what we want to discourage as we build out the Rose Kennedy Greenway and finally put the \$15 billion Big Dig behind us. A half-baked plan to build a Boston knockoff of Rome's Piazza Navona in ...
OK, here's the 411 So long, Eryca. Here comes Darby. New Englanders who call Verizon Communications Inc.'s 411 directory assistance will start to hear a different voice over the next week, as the phone giant upgrades to a system that will handle more calls with automatic speech-recognition software instead using a human operator.
Bidder misses Fan Pier payment The prospective winning bidder for redeveloping Fan Pier yesterday missed a deadline for a down payment and the owners of the South Boston land said they plan to talk to other potential buyers.
Looming changes may spark gate war at Logan The already cutthroat competition for passengers and market share at Logan International Airport is likely to get even more heated over the next several months.
OPEC wrestles over output increase as hurricane, Iraq attacks lift prices OPEC members were divided yesterday on whether their output should be increased in a bid to boost global supply that might cause oil prices to drop.
Three-city hotel workers strike looms The threat of a strike by bellmen, housekeepers, and other Southern California hotel employees loomed larger yesterday, as an overwhelming majority of the workers gave their leaders a green light to call a walkout.
Magellan assets fall \$496m in August Fidelity Investments' flagship equity fund, Magellan, saw assets slip about \$496 million in August, to \$61.9 billion, primarily a result of investor withdrawals. The fund had a year-to-date loss of 1.56 percent through Aug. 31, compared with the 0.43 percent gain of its benchmark, the Standard  amp; Poor's 500 Index. Year-to-date through July 31, the fund lost 1.79 percent. According ...
When dreamers wield hammers By day, Lorenzo Mattii works in the Somerville office of global architect Moshe Safdie. Paul Gross works at the Boston firm CBT/Childs Bertman Tseckares, helping execute British architect Norman Foster's grandiose plan to transform the Museum of Fine Arts.
Two who put their idealism -- and financial skill -- to work Black sweater or no, some architects find they can channel their idealism into real-world projects.
3 to offer plan to expense options Cisco Systems Inc. , Genentech Inc. , and Qualcomm Inc. will present accounting rule makers with a revised method to expense stock options that would cut the cost to companies about 70 percent, a lawyer for the companies said.
iBasis to offer free calls  iBasis Inc. , a Burlington company that has become a major behind-the-scenes wholesale carrier of international phone calls over the Internet for big phone companies like AT amp;T Corp. and Sprint , is launching its first direct consumer service with a splashy promotion: 1 million minutes of free phone calls for the first customers who sign up.
European Shares Tread Water (Reuters) Reuters - European shares traded sideways on\Wednesday but banks were a bright spot as Britain's HBOS\rallied on relief it would not be wading into a bidding war for\domestic peer Abbey.
You Can Bank on Tiger, Says Sutton  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods has not  won a major in two years and lost his world number one ranking  but U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton says reports of his  demise will prove badly exaggerated this week.
Europe told to 'rethink security' A study commissioned by the EU calls for a major rethink of security within its borders and beyond.
Arab allies discuss Lebanon vote Egypt's president makes a hurriedly arranged visit to Syria a day after a divisive debate in the Arab League.
Did Intel mock up dual Pentium 4 demo? ANALYST NATHAN BROOKWOOD has raised several questions about a technology announcement Intel made last week on Pentium 4 dual core processors and wonders just what technology was under the hood.
Angry Halilhodzic hits out at PSG players PARIS, Sep 15 (SW) - Paris Saint-Germain manager Vahid Halilhodzic angrily hit out at his players, following his sides severe 0-3 defeat against Chelsea on Tuesday night in the opening game of their Champions League campaign.
Rookie Kazmir outduels Pedro Scott Kazmir had a cool confidence in a tough environment for baseball #39;s youngest pitcher and a sense of wonder that he had succeeded in it.
No Evidence Of Secret Iranian Nuclear Plan: IAEA Chief Vienna, Sept. 15 (NNN): Head of the United Nations nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), Mohamed El-Baradei on Tuesday said he has seen no firm evidence that Iran was secretly developing nuclear weapons.
S.Korean Spies Say Building Work Behind North Blast A huge explosion in North Korea last week may have been due to a combination of demolition work for a power plant and atmospheric clouds, South Korea #39;s spy agency said on Wednesday.
China Party Chief Rules Out Democracy Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out Western-style democracy 
Prince Charles wants army protection at royal residences (AFP) AFP - Prince Charles wants military protection for Britain's royal residences, The Times reported, two days after an activist dressed as Batman scaled the walls of Buckingham Palace.
BBO Baseball Today (AP) AP - Texas at Oakland (10:05 p.m. EDT). Mark Mulder (17-4) and the A's face the Rangers.
Report: Alcan May Sell Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alcan Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AL.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AL.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  Canadian aluminum maker, is considering a sale of its rolled  products business in a transaction that might fetch \$4 billion  to \$5 billion, after in May announcing a plan to spin the  business off, the New York Post said on Wednesday.
Spain arrests militant suspects Spanish police detain several suspected Islamic militants in a series of pre-dawn raids in Barcelona.
US in tech job massacre THE US IT sector lost more than 403,000 jobs between April 2001 and 2004 and the future of the job market is looking bleak. According to a report prepared by the University of Illinois-Chicago, half of the 
Finland can #39;t stop hockey power from claiming title of world #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There were about 40 seconds left. The Finns had pulled their goaltender. Coach Pat Quinn had to put out someone to protect Canada #39;s one-goal lead in the final of the World Cup of Hockey on Tuesday night.
Rookie stops Sox With Pedro Martinez going for the Boston Red Sox against rookie Scott Kazmir, last night #39;s game at Fenway Park looked like a major mismatch.
Malaysia may widen bird flu quarantine KUALA LUMPUR - Three children exposed to the carcasses of culled chickens were hospitalised with flu-like symptoms on Wednesday as Malaysia mulled whether to widen a quarantine to cover an entire state near the Thai border to contain a spreading bird flu 
Clothier to revise advertising practices under Spitzer settlement A national clothing chain will reform its advertising practices as part of a legal settlement reached yesterday with New York state.
Bonds propels Giants with arm, not bat Barry Bonds swung at nine pitches and none of them left the ballpark. He made one spectacular throw and it saved the game.  quot;Tonight, he did it with his arm, quot; winning pitcher 
Royal security measures under the spotlight London - Britain promised an urgent security review at Buckingham Palace on Tuesday after a campaigner dressed as Batman evaded armed police and staged a five-hour protest at Queen Elizabeth #39;s London residence.
Russia rejects US criticism of strengthened Kremlin power (AFP) AFP - Russia rejected US criticism of moves to strengthen Kremlin power, saying they were reforms of a domestic nature that were perfectly constitutional.
Egypt's Mubarak Visits Syria's Assad (AP) AP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak made a quickly arranged visit to Syria on Wednesday, holding talks with Syria's President Bashar Assad a day after a divisive debate in the Arab League over Syrian troops in Lebanon.
Far-right firebrand Hanson to attempt political comeback (AFP) AFP - Pauline Hanson, the former leader of Australia's xenophobic One Nation party, has announced that she was coming back from political retirement to run for a seat in the Senate next month.
Dollar Inches Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up against the euro on  Tuesday, expanding the previous day's gains as traders took  stern words from European officials against the U.S. currency's  weakness as a signal to take profits.
Dollar Focus on Fed  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar stalled against the euro on  Wednesday with markets mesmerized by the prospect of a U.S.  rate rise next week, but the yen rose slightly on increased  talk of revaluation of the Chinese yuan.
Transactions BASEBALL Cleveland (AL): Purchased the contract of RHP Kyle Denney from Buffalo (IL). Montreal (NL): Activated RHPs Tomo Ohka and Jon Rauch; transferred 1B Nick Johnson to 60-day DL. New York (NL): Called up C Joe Hietpas from Binghamton (EL).
Tree project to target under-16s Woodland conservationists launch a campaign to get children across the UK to plant 12 million trees.
SABMiller acquires Lion Nathan Chinese business SABMiller is upping its interests in China with a \$154 million deal to acquire three breweries from Australian rival Lion Nathan. Through its joint venture China Resources Breweries, the global beer company 
HBOS Relief Spurs European Share Gains Banks and insurers pushed European shares higher on Wednesday, with Britain #39;s HBOS spearheading the gains on relief it would not be wading into a bidding war for domestic banking peer Abbey.
LVMH First-Half Net Profit Jumps 49 Pct. LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton said Wednesday that first-half net profit soared 49 percent, as its watches and jewelry and selective retailing businesses returned to the black.
US loses 400,000 IT jobs America saw 403, 300 hi-tech jobs disappear between April 2001 and April 2004. More than half the jobs lost were lost after the recession was pronounced officially over, by the National Bureau of Economic Research, in November 2001.
Toyota to Make Hybrid Cars in China Japan #39;s top automaker Toyota Motor Corp. will begin making its ecological hybrid model in China by the end of 2005, the first overseas assembly for the company #39;s Prius vehicle.
Callaway expecting subpar numbers Callaway Golf Co., which has struggled in recent months amid lackluster demand for its equipment, warned yesterday that its results for the third quarter and the year could be far below previous forecasts.
Technical Hitch Delays Russia Space Station Launch The launch of a Russian rocket scheduled to blast off to the International Space Station next month has been postponed because of problems with the docking system, Russia #39;s space agency said on Wednesday.
pSeries Dedicated Linux Servers Last Month saw IBM launch a range of very high performance, very cost effective Unix servers with the release of its latest pSeries machines.
EUROPEAN NOTEBOOK: Clarke pleased that less is more Five years ago, when Northern Ireland #39;s Darren Clarke last played in a Ryder Cup on American soil, he looked a bit different. His critique of his appearance is a bit harsher.
Mourinho joy at perfection Jose Mourinho said Chelsea played the  quot;perfect game quot; after they romped to an impressive 3-0 victory over Paris Saint-Germain.
Gunners grind out victory Arsenal forgot their usual fluent style but still managed to beat PSV Eindhoven 1-0 in their Champions League opener. The Gunners scraped past the defensively minded Dutch side at Highbury thanks only to a first-half own goal from Alex.
Upon reflection, Sox overmatched The White Sox #39; 10-2 loss to the Twins at the Metrodome Tuesday night offered a nearly perfect mirror to an increasingly ugly season.
59 Iraqi police officials, applicants are killed Bomb and gun attacks targeting Iraqi police killed at least 59 people Tuesday, marking the deadliest day in Baghdad in six months and continuing an increase of violence across the northern part of the country.
Poll predicts landslide defeat for Megawati Indonesia #39;s President Megawati looks set for a crushing defeat at next Monday #39;s presidential election run-off, according to an opinion poll published in Jakarta today.
Spanish Police Arrest 10 in Anti-Terrorism Sweep Spanish police arrested 10 people in an operation against  quot;Islamic terrorism quot; on Wednesday, a court source said. Most of those detained in the northeastern city of Barcelona were of Pakistani 
Iraqi insurgents continue Iraqi firemen walk in front of heavy black smoke billowing from a sabotaged key pipeline pumping oil exports from northern Iraq to Turkey and a local supply line west of the main northern oil capital of Kirkuk.
Israeli Troops Kill Girl, Five Militants in West Bank  NABLUS, West Bank (Reuters) - Israeli forces killed an  11-year-old girl and five militants in a West Bank raid on  Wednesday, keeping up pressure in Palestinian areas as Prime  Minister Ariel Sharon's plan for a Gaza pullout moved forward.
Hong Kong Authorities Say Sorry for Blunders, Poll Fair  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong authorities defended  themselves on Wednesday against complaints of poor organization  of Sunday's legislative election, and insisted the poll was  open and honest.
Iraqi Scientists to Wage War on Pollution (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi scientists will assess pollution\ranging from oil spills to scrap metal from destroyed military\vehicles in an effort to tackle environmental damage in the\war-ravaged country, the United Nations said on Tuesday.
Renault plans 2005 hiring spree French car maker Renault says it plans to recruit 10,000 new employees next year in order to boost its international expansion.
Fall in UK's unemployment total Jobless numbers drop by 16,000 between May and July,  according to official figures.
Hu rejects China political reform President Hu Jintao says China would be led into a "blind alley" by  copying Western political systems.
Internet task force rejects Microsoft e-mail ID plan SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp was dealt a setback on Tuesday after the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) decided not to adopt its e-mail sender ID standard that would make it easier for Internet service providers to block unwanted junk e-mail.
Think  #39;virtual #39; when migrating SERI KEMBANGAN: Most company networks run a mix of old and new systems, and so-called virtual machine software can help when migrating from one to the other.
Turkish press jubilant over axed adultery project Turkish newspapers were for the most part jubilant Wednesday after a government-opposition deal resulted in the axing Tuesday of a motion to make adultery a jailable offense in the country #39;s new penal code.
Ex-General Keeps Big Poll Lead in Indonesia Campaign A former army general looks set to snatch Indonesia #39;s presidency by a landslide in next week #39;s election run-off, two surveys showed on Wednesday, but incumbent 
Arab allies discuss Lebanon vote Egypt #39;s President Hosni Mubarak is on an unscheduled trip to Syria after a divisive Arab League debate over Syria #39;s military presence in Lebanon.
US Treasuries Drift Lower, Data in Sight (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices drifted lower on\Wednesday in generally subdued trade, with some focus on the\day's economic numbers.
Spanish Police Make 10 Terror Arrests (AP) AP - Police staging pre-dawn raids in Barcelona Wednesday arrested 10 people who may have supported Islamic militants in North Africa or the Middle East, officials said.
Foreign investment into China up 18.8 percent in first eight months (AFP) AFP - China remained an attractive destination for foreign investors who poured in 43.6 billion dollars during the first eight months of the year, 18.8 percent more than the same period last year, the government said.
Oil Rises as Hurricane Nears U.S. Gulf  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm on Wednesday as  Hurricane Ivan closed off crude output and shut refineries in  the Gulf of Mexico, while OPEC's Gulf producers tried to  reassure traders by recommending an output hike.
iTunes under fire over UK pricing Apple's iTunes music download service is accused by the Consumers' Association of overcharging UK users. 
Lenovo Confirms Acquisition Talks  HONG KONG/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - China's largest  personal computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd., said on Tuesday it  was in acquisition talks with a major technology company, which  a source familiar with the situation said was IBM.
Better Health Through Play Health care experts are convinced that games can help people get and stay well, but they don't agree on what's the best approach. By Noah Shachtman.
Freedom Tower Will Be Green Giant The new tower planned for the World Trade Center site has a lot more going for it than its 1,776-foot height -- it will include an array of environmentally friendly power sources. By John Gartner.
Satellites Track Turtle Trouble A group of satellites captures evidence of what scientists believe is the killing of a rare sea turtle. But little can be done about it, they say. By Amit Asaravala.
Don't Mess With Librarians The timid media won't do it, so 'radical' librarians are standing up against the government to protect free speech and fight censorship. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.
George Lucas Does Dystopia, Too The Star Wars director's first film, THX 1138, is no masterpiece. But it shows glimpses of the storytelling skill and imagination that became evident in his later movies. Jason Silverman reviews the re-released film.
Bush Requests NASA Storm Aid The president asks Congress for \$126 million to help NASA recover from hurricane damage. The money could help the agency get its space shuttle overhaul back on track. By Amit Asaravala.
No 10 told of Putin #39;s authoritarian trend The government faces a warning today from Robin Cook and a liberal-oriented foundation that it must work harder to reverse the increasingly authoritarian tendencies of Vladimir Putin.
Gazprom shares opened 9 percent higher Wed, heavy buying continues MOSCOW, September 15 (Itar-Tass) -- Gazproms shares opened nine percent higher on Wednesday to reach 74 rubles apiece, as heavy buying continued on news of the forthcoming takeover of the oil company Rosneft and the early liberalization of the gas giant 
No threat to Airbus jobs A PACT spelling out how much state aid can be given to rival aircraft makers Airbus and Boeing may be renegotiated but the issue seems unlikely to pose any immediate threat to the jobs of aerospace workers from Merseyside.
Australia #39;s Hardie faces US asbestos protests Australian building products firm James Hardie Industries Ltd., tainted by a row over asbestos, sought to repair its reputation on Wednesday 
Now what? Answers on Windows XP #39;s SP2 update Wondering if you should install Microsoft #39;s Windows XP patch now? Worried about what might go wrong? We have answers to these questions and others, written from information supplied by Microsoft and other sources.
Presse Economique / High-Tech CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 14, 2004--IBM a annonc ce jour le lancement d #39;une large suite de services visant  acclrer les avantages des systmes d #39;identification par radiofrquence pour les entreprises industrielles et du mid-market.
Sun, Microsoft To Reveal New Interoperability Plans Next Month Sun Microsystems and Microsoft have rescheduled the phase-one rollout of their interoperability pact to October as the companies weigh additional areas of cooperation.
FOOTBALL: WENGER OWNS UP TO MILAN TRAUMA ARSENE WENGER insisted Arsenal were over last season #39;s nightmare Champions League start after edging out PSV at Highbury. An own goal by Brazilian defender Alex in the 41st minute was enough to give the Frenchman three points.
Bianchi tipped to coach Argentina BUENOS AIRES - Carlos Bianchi is favourite to be named new Argentina coach after Marcelo Bielsa #39;s surprise resignation.  quot;I #39;ve not spoken to him yet but he #39;s our priority, quot; said Argentina Football Association president Julio Gondrona.
PREVIEW-Pakistan hope rain holds off, Windies enter fray Pakistan will hope they finally start their Champions Trophy campaign on Wednesday after their match with Kenya was put back from Tuesday because of rain while West Indies make their scheduled bow in the tournament.
Ballpark scuffle says more about fans than players  #39;You suck! You #39;re a piece of  amp;\$#*! You can #39;t play worth *\$#! you loser, so SIT DOWN!!! quot; That #39;s what a guy was yelling at a visiting player during a White Sox-Angels game earlier this summer.
UPDATE 1-Pakistan win toss and field against Kenya Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq won the toss and chose to field in the rescheduled Champions Trophy Pool C match against Kenya at Edgbaston, Birmingham, on Wednesday after rain prevented play on Tuesday.
US softens threat sanctions on a new draft resolution on Sudan United Nations, Sept 15 (PTI) The United States presented a new draft resolution softening the threat of sanctions on Sudan in an effort to win support of key members in the Security Council but diplomats said it would have to be watered down much more to 
Colo.'s Tab in Kobe Case Nearly  #36;400,000 (AP) AP - Prosecutors in the Kobe Bryant case spent nearly  #36;400,000 trying to get the NBA star convicted of raping a woman at a Vail-area resort last summer, documents show.
Oil Prices Seen Weighing on Wall Street  PARIS (Reuters) - Oil prices up toward \$45 a barrel are  likely to mar sentiment on Wall Street on Wednesday, but solid  earnings from software giant Oracle &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; looks set to  support the technology sector.
PacifiCare to Buy American Medical  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , one  of the biggest Medicare plan providers, said on Wednesday it  has agreed to buy health-care benefits provider American  Medical Security Group Inc. for \$502 million to expand its  product offerings to individuals and small businesses.
Decapitated bodies found in Iraq Three beheaded bodies are found on a road north of Baghdad, US and Iraqi sources say.
With 48 hours to go, Paisley allows deal could be near Ian Paisley last night emerged from Downing Street to warn the IRA that he will not compromise on the need for public proof of its disarmament, while confirming his willingness to govern Northern Ireland in partnership with his historic enemies once they 
Abbey National Takeover Saga Abbey National today looked set for Spanish ownership after banking group HBOS declared it was no longer considering a rival bid. Here are the key dates in the long-running saga over the troubled banks future.
Unemployment down by 16,000 The number of people claiming unemployment benefit last month fell by 6,100 to 830,200, the Office for National Statistics said. Average earnings, including bonuses, increased by 3.8 in the year to July, down 
GNOME: We have feature parity with Windows An upgraded GNOME desktop environment for Linux and Unix is due for release this Wednesday, with its authors pitching enhanced features for end-users and a commitment to make hardware  quot;just work quot;.
Turk Ruling Party Confirms Adultery Plan Shelved Turkey #39;s ruling party confirmed on Wednesday it had shelved plans to outlaw adultery that had infuriated women #39;s rights groups and upset the European Union Ankara aspires to join.
Fed up with pension defaults Citing failure of two big airlines to make payments to their pension plans, top government officials Tuesday called on Congress to make it harder for corporations to dump their obligations on taxpayers.
Tribune Earnings to Trail Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Newspaper and television station owner  Tribune Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings  would lag Wall Street estimates because of lower-than-expected  publishing and broadcasting revenue.
Democrat Kerry Slams Bush's 'Excuse Presidency' (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic candidate John Kerry\unleashed a harsh indictment of President Bush's economic\stewardship on Wednesday and urged his Republican rival to take\responsibility instead of playing the victim.
Fit-Again Ferrero Wins at China Open  BEIJING (Reuters) - Juan Carlos Ferrero showed glimpses of  his old form in thrashing American Justin Gimelstob 6-4, 6-1 to  reach the second round of the China Open on Wednesday.
French Police Detain Five in 9/11 Probe  PARIS (Reuters) - Police have detained five suspected  Islamic militants as part of a French inquiry into the Sept. 11  attacks, French judicial sources said on Wednesday.
Malaysia's Anwar Loses Bid to Lift Political Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian dissident  politician Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court  bid to erase his criminal record and free himself of a ban on  holding political office, but he vowed not to be silenced.
Drenched Dhaka counts flood cost Government offices in the Bangladeshi capital reopen as it slowly returns to normal following widespread floods.
At Least 2 Killed in Car Bombing in Iraq Today's blast south of Baghdad was the latest in a series of attacks in Iraq that have killed some 150 people in the last four days.
Car Bomb Explodes South of Baghdad; 2 Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - A car bomb exploded in a town south of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing two people and injuring 10, the latest in a spate of attacks that have killed some 150 people in the last four days.    Meanwhile Wednesday, militants released a Turkish man taken hostage in Iraq, according to a videotape obtained by Associated Press Television News...
Oracle Q1 net up 16 Net income in the fiscal first-quarter rose to \$509 million, from \$440 million a year earlier, while revenue rose seven percent to \$2.
UPDATE:Murdoch Has 7 Weeks To Secure News Corp #39;s US Move By Lilly Vitorovich Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Rupert Murdoch has seven weeks to convince News Corp. (NWS) shareholders a move to the US will make the media conglomerate more attractive to 
Adobe debuts Photoshop Elements 3.0 Adobe today announced Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0, a major upgrade to its entry-level image editing product. The updated product includes a series of powerful image editing tools taken from 
AU Optronics may shelve next gen LCD fab MAJOR LCD panel maker AU Optronics may can plans to build a seventh generation TFT-LCD fab, the Taipei Times said. That follows a slump in sales in July, after prices for large size LCD panels started to topple.
Windows Mobile barrage from T-Mobile Mobile network operator T-Mobile sheds light on three new Windows Mobile powered devices, including the SDA and SDA Music smartphones and the MDA Compact communicator.
Pakistan look to strike early Pakistan captain Inzamam-ul-Haq has won the toss and chosen to field in the delayed ICC Champions Trophy contest with Kenya at Edgbaston.
MLB: Seattle 3, Anaheim 2 Seattle #39;s Randy Winn hit a two-run home run as the Mariners edged the Anaheim Angels 3-2 Tuesday. Winn slammed his homer pinch-hitting in the seventh to give the Mariners a 3-0 lead.
Oracle beats experts Fresh off a surprising legal victory in its bid to acquire PeopleSoft, Oracle reported a 16 percent jump in profit Tuesday, beating Wall Street #39;s estimate by a penny.
Information tech slow to reboot At a job fair in downtown San Diego yesterday, dozens of information technology workers wandered the Civic Theater community concourse looking for leads on jobs.
Univ. of Phoenix pushes ahead The University of Phoenix disputes the government #39;s portrait that it sells education with the zeal of a hard-charging telemarketer, but recent memos to recruiters reveal tactics similar to those recently cited by federal regulators.
Mondavi to sell off luxury wine brands In the latest act of Napa Valley #39;s continuing King Lear saga, Robert Mondavi Corp. said Tuesday it plans to sell off its luxury wine brands, including the original Robert Mondavi Winery that made the company famous.
US retail sales dip as auto sector slows WASHINGTONAmerican shoppers turned tight-fisted in August, dropping sales at retailers by 0.3 per cent and providing fresh evidence of an erratic pace of consumer spending in recent months.
Guild members boycott gala, picket outside Sun-Times building The Chicago Sun-Times #39; management and unionized reporters planned to return to the bargaining table Wednesday morning on the heels of a vote authorizing a strike and picketing by employees outside a gala thrown by the company.
Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 Adobe has today announced Photoshop Elements 3.0. New features include the Healing Brush, previously only available in the full version of Photoshop, and new Spot Healing Brush as well as the ability to support RAW files.
Xerox adds HSBC and Boeing to its portfolio Xerox has won several new document services deals and updated its content management and workflow software. HSBC has selected Xerox to provide document services in its Brazil and UK offices that will include 
Mourinho waxes lyrical over Chelsea victory Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho could hardly find enough superlatives to describe his side #39;s 3-0 win at Paris St Germain in their Champions League opener.
Bangladesh wins toss, choose to field Southampton (England), Sept. 15 (AP): Bangladesh won the toss and sent the West Indies in to bat in their Champions Trophy cricket match at The Rose Bowl today.
Throw lands pitcher in jail Incidents between baseball players and fans have long been part of the game. But they seem to be getting uglier with each year, and an imbroglio Monday night in Oakland, Calif.
No Offense: Sox Fall To Rays The Sox, who entered play Tuesday with 28 wins in their last 35 games, continued their gradual descent back to Earth by falling to the Devil Rays, 5-2, in front of another sellout crowd of 35,118 at Fenway Park.
Staying course on  #39;rocky #39; road Donahue gets 4-year extension from &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The 49ers announced a four-year extension for general manager Terry Donahue in a news conference Tuesday with Donahue and owner John York.
Darfur Peace Talks Collapse Peace talks between the Sudanese government and rebels from the troubled Darfur region have collapsed after three weeks, one of the two main rebel factions said today.
Malaysian Court Rejects Anwar Appeal of Corruption Conviction Malaysia #39;s highest court has turned down former Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim #39;s appeal of his corruption conviction.
Three beheaded bodies discovered on a road north of Baghdad Three beheaded bodies were found Wednesday on a road north of Baghdad, authorities said. There were no documents on the bodies discovered on the road near Dijiel, about 25 miles north of Baghdad, said Col.
Three Beheaded Bodies Found North of Baghdad  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - The decapitated bodies of three  men, their heads strapped to their backs and the corpses put in  nylon bags, were found dumped by a roadside north of Baghdad  Wednesday, Iraqi police and U.S. officials said.
Iraq elections 'still on track' The British Army's head tells the BBC the attacks which killed dozens in Iraq will not derail January's elections.
Coca-Cola Sees Earnings Below Estimates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  earnings for the remainder of 2004 would lag current  expectations because of weakness in key markets.
Stocks Set to Open Little Changed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open little  changed on Wednesday as concerns about Hurricane Ivan weighed  on sentiment, although solid earnings from Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; could help the mood among technology stocks.
Tribune Profit Seen Below Wall St. Views  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Publisher and broadcaster Tribune Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings would lag Wall  Street estimates because of lower-than-expected publishing and  broadcasting revenue.
LVMH First-Half Profit Advances 49 on Airport Stores (Update1) LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA, the world #39;s largest luxury-goods maker, said first-half profit rose 49 percent as travelers returned to its Asian airport stores and US shoppers bought more champagne and cognac.
AOL: Back to the Future? There #39;s a song by a band I definitely don #39;t listen to,  quot;Don #39;t stop thinking about tomorrow, quot; but the lyrics rather tellingly continue,  quot;Yesterday #39;s gone, yesterday #39;s 
T-Mobile introduces new Windows Mobile Smartphone in Germany The SDA Music (pictured) phone is the first Windows Mobile Smartphone to be release by the operator and gives not only allows access to Microsoft applications like Outlook, but also can be used to relax after work thanks to the integrated audio player.
Cup doesn #39;t runneth over for the US BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- The dateline fools you as much as the event may fool you. These are the suburbs of Detroit, where the grit turns into greenery, where the big shots who manage the car factories 
Blackburn make move for Wales manager Hughes Blackburn Rovers have approached the Football Association of Wales (FAW) for permission to speak to Wales manager Mark Hughes, Welsh soccer #39;s ruling body said on Wednesday.
A man of morals He may be known as  quot;El Loco quot;, but there is none of the traditional flamboyant Latin madness about Marcelo Bielsa. Instead, the man whose controversial reign as Argentina coach came to an end 
A walk-through for Bonds Needing 1 more homer to join only Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth in baseball #39;s version of the 700 Club, Bonds went 0-for-2 with 2 walks in the Giants #39; 3-2 victory over the Brewers on Tuesday night at Miller Park.
Swiss withdraws bid to host 2014 Winter Olympics ZURICH (Switzerland): Zurich officials Tuesday abandoned plans to lead a joint Swiss bid for the 2014 Winter Olympics because the city would be unable to afford its portion.
FA Cup semi-finals to be played in Cardiff This season #39;s FA Cup semi-finals will be held at Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium, the Football Association said on Wednesday.
Poll indicates crushing defeat for Megawati in Indonesian election An opinion poll published in Jakarta shows Indonesia #39;s President Megawati Sukarnoputri is set for a crushing defeat in next Monday #39;s presidential election run-off.
Harrington Plays Second Fiddle to Quarterback Cousin  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - As Europe's  top-ranked golfer, Padraig Harrington might well have expected  the sight of autograph seekers as he went through his first  Ryder Cup practice round on Tuesday.
Federer Seals Year-End No. 1 Spot Three Months Early  LONDON (Reuters) - It is mid-September and Roger Federer  has already guaranteed he will end the year as world number  one.
Internet accounts offer free Web space to host your site Downside is having to learn to use html code. Internet Explorer #39;s AutoComplete function remembers passwords, but experts say it creates a security risk.
HONG KONG: HK press says people still want full democracy The record turnout in Hong Kong #39;s legislative council elections shows that the territory wants full democracy, newspapers said on Tuesday.
Tomlinson Says Chargers Want Brees Back (AP) AP - The day after the San Diego Chargers assured themselves of their first winning season since 1995, LaDainian Tomlinson made a pitch for the front office to bring back quarterback Drew Brees next year.
World's largest ID theft felon faces 14 years' jail Help desk technician pleads guilty to \$50m scam
Amstrad launches home videophone A videophone that lets home users see who they are talking to has been launched by Amstrad.
Opteron gets power management In an effort to help enterprise users get a handle on power and heat issues associated with new server designs that pack more processing punch in smaller spaces, Advanced Micro Devices on Monday announced that systems built with its 32/64-bit Opteron 
The Cyberspace Moviemaker LOS ANGELES -- He is like that guy who worked in your office once, the shy tech-geek, the temp down in  IT, who typed Ctrl-Alt-Delete on the keypad when your hard drive seized up. Until very recently, that guy was Kerry Conran.
Illinois hires ex-Gators coach Zook Former Florida coach Ron Zook will take over at Illinois, sources told The Associated Press Monday. Zook #39;s hiring as head coach will be announced at a news conference Tuesday, said two 
UK needs 'more nuclear stations' Climate change demands Britain consider building new nuclear power plants, says Lord May, the Royal Society president.
PacifiCare to Buy American Medical (Reuters) Reuters - PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , one\of the biggest Medicare plan providers, said on Wednesday it\has agreed to buy health-care benefits provider American\Medical Security Group Inc. for  #36;502 million to expand its\product offerings to individuals and small businesses.
Tribune Profit Seen Below Wall St. Views (Reuters) Reuters - Publisher and broadcaster Tribune Co.\ on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings would lag Wall\Street estimates because of lower-than-expected publishing and\broadcasting revenue.
Yahoo boosts music portal (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Yahoo, seeking to add e-commerce to its Internet music portal, will pay  #36;160 million in cash to acquire Musicmatch, a critically acclaimed but little known music jukebox and download service.
OPEC ministers to mull output quota hike by up to one million barrels (AFP) AFP - OPEC will mull raising its oil output quota by up to one million barrels per day at a meeting in a largely symbolic gesture as members are already pumping far above the 26 million ceiling.
Sportsview: Plenty of Seats to See Bonds (AP) AP - There were still plenty, way too many, good seats available.
Software can make your day (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Now you can project different images of yourself on the mobile phone, depending on who's calling.
Oracle surpasses earnings expectations (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Oracle (ORCL) on Tuesday posted a 16 jump in quarterly earnings, surpassing analyst estimates, despite listless sales in an area it hopes to buttress by buying rival PeopleSoft (PSFT).
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New applications for U.S. home loans  fell last week as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their  lowest level since late March, an industry group said on  Wednesday.
Alitalia soars after pilot pact Shares of Italian airline up on optimism that pilot agreement is first step to regaining health. ROME (Reuters) - With a boost from a vital deal with pilots, Alitalia and unions for cabin crew and ground staff 
Many Delta Pilots Plan to Retire Next Month he pilots #39; union at Delta Air Lines said last night that an  quot;unusually high quot; number of pilots planned to retire early in October because of concerns about the airline #39;s deteriorating financial situation.
US retail sales fell 0.3 percent in August Retail sales slid in August as people steered away from buying cars and shoppers kept a close eye on their spending after splurging in July.
Microsoft releases critical security patch Microsoft has found two new security flaws in its software, including a critical hole that could spread viruses using Jpeg graphics.
Controlling  #39;The Sims #39; Instead of genre staples such as lobbing grenades or casting spells, the game asked players to get excited about tasks such as personal hygiene and interior design.
SDBot.UJ Wiggling to Get Passwords SDBot.UJ, the latest variant of the SDbot worm that monitors network traffic after it infects a computer has been discovered by security experts.
Cisco announces integrated services routers aimed at SMBs and SMEs Cisco Systems has announced new integrated services routers capable of delivering wire-speed data, voice, video and other advanced services to the small- and medium-sized business and enterprise branch office market segments.
Rangers 12, Athletics 9 OAKLAND, Calif. Alfonso Soriano had three hits and two RB-Is as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics, 12-to-9. The win comes a night after Texas reliever Frank Francisco threw a plastic chair into the stands in Oakland and broke a woman #39;s nose.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Barry Bonds can join the exclusive 700 club tonight, as the San Francisco Giants begin a three-game series versus the Milwaukee Brewers at Miller Park.
Cardiff to host FA Cup semi-finals Cardiffs Millennium Stadium will host this seasons FA Cup semi-finals as well as the final. It will be the first time the venue has hosted the semi-finals, with Old Trafford and Villa Park having been favoured in recent years.
Ichiro, Winn sting Halos Should the Angels fail to make the playoffs by the slimmest of margins, they will look back and remember a handful of games and a group of antagonists, both likely and unlikely, that led to their demise.
Bold insurgents targeting Iraqi police kill 59 Nearly 150 people have been slain in 3 days as militants try to derail plan for security force.  Oil exports: Saboteurs wrecked a recently repaired pipeline junction in Kirkuk, Iraq, on Tuesday and the fire set off a cascade of power blackouts.
Three Beheaded Bodies Found North of Baghdad The decapitated bodies of three men, their heads strapped to their backs and the corpses put in nylon bags, were found dumped by a roadside north of Baghdad Wednesday, Iraqi police and US officials said.
Super-Secure Network Warns of Data Danger It's a hacker's nightmare but a dream for bankers and spies: A computer network so secure that even the simplest attempts to eavesdrop will interrupt the flow of data and alert administrators to the snooping.
Lockheed, General Dynamics Win U.S. Army Contract &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrea Shalal-Esa&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Army on Tuesday awarded\General Dynamics Corp. &lt;GD.N&gt; the lead role in developing a new\warfighter communications system, with Lockheed Martin Corp.\&lt;LMT.N.&gt; to get an equal share of the work, which GD said was\worth \$7 billion through 2018.&lt;/p&gt;
Controlling 'The Sims' Mental breakdowns and warped childhoods add to the fun in "The Sims 2," creator Will Wright explains.
Nokia to license SD memory cards Nokia has signed a licensing deal to allow it to use SD memory cards in future devices, and has applied for membership of the SD Card Association.
Internet group rejects Microsoft #39;s anti-spam solution The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has provisionally rejected Sender ID, a proposed anti-spam specification from Microsoft, because of a possible intellectual property rights conflict.
Insurgents continue bombing; 59 dead BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A car bomb and a mass shooting killed 59 people in Iraq on Tuesday, many of them policemen and unemployed young men seeking to join the country #39;s beleaguered security forces.
1st Profit Forecast for Reynolds American (Reuters) Reuters - Reynolds American Inc. , parent\of the No. 2 U.S. cigarette company, on Wednesday forecast 2004\profit of  #36;5.75 to  #36;6.05 a share, its first forecast since the\company was formed at the end of July.
Mortgage Applications Fell Last Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their\lowest level since late March, an industry group said on\Wednesday.
Thailand Decides Against Bird Flu Vaccine (AP) AP - Thailand, faced with a second outbreak of bird flu, said Wednesday its poultry would not be inoculated against the disease because vaccines offer no guarantee of safety.
Coca-Cola Sees 2nd-Half Below Estimates  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  earnings for the remainder of 2004 would lag current  expectations because of weakness in key markets.
1st Profit Forecast for Reynolds American  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Reynolds American Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAI.N&lt;/A&gt;, parent  of the No. 2 U.S. cigarette company, on Wednesday forecast 2004  profit of \$5.75 to \$6.05 a share, its first forecast since the  company was formed at the end of July.
Beware Dust from Jupiter's Moon Io Jupiter's moon Io is peppered with volcanoes, the hottest, most active volcanoes in our solar system. Sizzling vents spew plumes of gas and dust as much as 400 km high. They surge, spit, subside and surge again, non-stop. Passing spacecraft beware: Io is shooting at you.
Tough times ahead for semiconductor business SAN FRANCISCO -- The number of companies building and designing microprocessors is likely to shrink by approximately 40 percent over the next 10 years, analysts from Gartner Inc. predicted at the research firm's Semiconductor Industry Summit conference here in San Francisco Tuesday.
Botin pursues dream of Santander in world top 10 Santander Central Hispano #39;s Chairman Emilio Botin pledged a year ago to propel the Spanish bank into the world #39;s top 10 by market capitalisation, an ambition which could now be realised with a bid for Abbey National.
Russia to keep some state limits on foreign ownership of Gazprom MOSCOW : The Russian state will maintain some restrictions on foreign ownership in gas giant Gazprom after the liberalisation of its shareholding structure, a top minister said.
Coke to Miss 2nd Half Earnings Estimates ATLANTA Sept. 15, 2004 - Soft-drink giant Coca-Cola Co. said Wednesday that it expects second-half 2004 earnings per share to fall short of Wall Street expectations on flat to low volume growth.
UPDATE 1-US mortgage applications fall last week-MBA New applications for US home loans fell last week as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their lowest level since late March, an industry group said on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-PacifiCare to buy American Medical for \$502 mln PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , one of the biggest Medicare plan providers, said on Wednesday it has agreed to buy health-care benefits provider American Medical Security Group Inc.
More union givebacks unlikely at US Airways US Airways #39; unions, defying efforts to win labor concessions to avert a bankruptcy, are unlikely to give up pay and benefits under a threat of cuts imposed by a court, a labor leader and consultants said.
Firefox Browser On An Upward Trend carbolic writes  quot;The Firefox browser is ramping up as fast as Internet Explorer is ramping down. According to these stats posted from the Engadget logfiles, IE has dropped to 57 of all browsers used to visit 
It #39;s The Beatles vs iTunes! APPLE could be facing the largest legal settlement in history - and the money will go to APPLE. The electronics giant Apple Computer has been in legal wrangles with Apple Corps - The Beatles holding company 
Intel dual-core chips are cool Doubled-up processors were the big news at this year?s Intel Developer Forum. They boost performance without frying your chips ? and are coming your way soon.
Hitachi to release 100GB hard drives for notebooks Hitachi Global Storage Technologies Inc. (HGST) announced the availability of 2.5-inch hard drives with capacities up to 100GB for notebook computers by the end of 2004, the company said on Tuesday.
Sudanese rebel movement says peace talks have collapsed (AFP) AFP - One of two rebel movements engaged in peace talks with Sudan's government mediated by the African Union (AU) said the negotiations had collapsed and could be suspended for weeks.
Americans Accused of Torture Sentenced (AP) AP - Three Americans accused of torturing Afghans in a private jail were found guilty Wednesday by a three-judge panel, after a trial criticized by the defense as failing to meet international standards of fairness.
Belarus Names Mirnyi to Davis Cup Team (AP) AP - Two-time U.S. Open doubles champion Max Mirnyi will lead the Belarus team that faces the United States in the Davis Cup semifinals in Charleston later this month.
Stocks to Watch Wednesday  COCA-COLA CO. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;:
Russia Rejects U.S. Criticism; EU Joins Fray  ASTANA, Kazakhstan (Reuters) - Russia curtly told the  United States to stay out of its business Wednesday after U.S.  criticism, echoed by the European Union, of President Vladimir  Putin's plans for radical change that will boost Kremlin power.
Lightning Strike Injures 40 on Texas Field (AP) AP - About 40 players and coaches with the Grapeland High School football team in East Texas were injured, two of them critically, when lightning struck near their practice field Tuesday evening, authorities said.
Coca-Cola issues profit warning Coca-Cola, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, issues a profit warning blaming "challenging operating conditions in key markets".
US jails author who promoted off-shore tax havens A US federal judge sentenced an author who wrote a series of books about avoiding taxes in off-shore locations to six months in prison on Monday.
Florida 'to list Nader on ballot' Ralph Nader can be listed on Florida ballots in the US presidential election, the state's electoral chief says.
Keith Henson Needs Help For those who don't know him, Keith Henson co-founded the L5 Society, was President of Xanadu Corporation and was a featured character in The Great Mambo Chicken and the Transhuman Condition: Science Slightly Over the Edge.  He's about to be deported from Canada to the United States where he faces time in the infamous California prison system.
Oracle exceeds August quarter earnings forecasts NEW YORK, September 15 (New Ratings) - Oracle Corporation (ORCL.NAS) reported its 1Q FY05 earnings ahead of expectations, despite a 36 year-over-year decline in the company #39;s enterprise application software sales during the quarter.
British unemployment hits new 29-year low LONDON : British unemployment fell for the 15th month in a row in August to reach the lowest level for 29 years, official figures showed.
Raising the Linux Standard The Free Standards Group and the Open Source Development Labs(OSDL) hope that improved standards for Linux will help accelerate its adoption by enterprise and large business customers.
Novell intensifies government talk Johannesburg, 15 September 2004 - Microsoft has suffered well-publicised losses to Novell SUSE Linux in the Norwegian city of Bergen and other local governments dotted across the globe, in what Novell staffers hope is the start of sales momentum for its 
HP Tapped for \$290 Million Defense Logistics Agency Contract PALO ALTO, Calif. --(Business Wire)-- Sept. 15, 2004 -- HP (NYSE:HPQ)(Nasdaq:HPQ) today announced that it has been awarded a 10-year contract worth \$290 million by the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), an agency of the US Department of Defense.
100GB notebook drives arrive Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (HGST) will ship new 2.5-inch hard drives with capacities up to 100GB for notebooks by the end of 2004, the company said today.
Microsoft Releases Patch to Fix Flaws Microsoft Corp. announced Tuesday it has found a new security flaw with its Windows XP operating system and warned that an attacker could infiltrate other computers by persuading their owners to open a specialized graphics file.
Intelligent Telescopes Survey the Violent Skies PPARC -- British astronomers are celebrating a world first that could revolutionise the future of astronomy. They have just begun a project to operate a global network of the world's biggest robotic telescopes, dubbed 'RoboNet-1.0' which will be controlled by intelligent software to provide rapid observations of sudden changes in astronomical objects, such as violent Gamma Ray Bursts, or 24-hour surveillance of interesting phenomena...
Beer in Moderation Could Be Good for You TORONTO (AP) -- Beer, a health food? That's what some Canadian researchers report.    A study from the University of Western Ontario finds a brew could be good for you...
Cardiac Researchers Make Surprising Heart Find PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) -- Newlywed Marc Schlotthauer had just returned from his honeymoon in California and fallen asleep in his Stayton bedroom, when his heart stopped cold...
Pacifiers Could Help Teach Babies to Eat KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) -- Researchers at the University of Kansas Medical Center are testing a high-tech pacifier that could help premature babies learn to eat...
HP girds for grid storage campaign com September 14, 2004, 3:25 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Lawsuit May Be In Works After Fan #39;s Nose Broken In Oakland OAKLAND, Calif. -- A lawsuit could be in the works after some Texas players were involved in a brawl with taunting fans in Oakland -- that led to the arrest of Rangers reliever Frank Francisco.
At least five Palestinian fugitives killed in standoff with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NABLUS, West Bank - Five Palestinian fugitives, including a militant leader, were killed on Wednesday during a fierce gun battle with Israeli soldiers in this West Bank city, Palestinian and Israeli sources said.
Thailand Decides Against Bird Flu Vaccine BANGKOK, Thailand Sept. 15, 2004 - Thailand, faced with a second outbreak of bird flu, said Wednesday its poultry would not be inoculated against the disease because vaccines offer no guarantee of safety.
Microsoft to detail Media Center updates on Oct. 12 Microsoft Corp. plans to introduce several new consumer products on Oct. 12 at an event in Los Angeles. The announcements are expected to include an update to Windows XP Media Center Edition 2004 and the first devices using Media Center Extender technology.
India's cellphone market set to grow 20 percent each year: official (AFP) AFP - India's booming cellphone market is adding 1.7 million customers every month and will grow between 15 percent and 20 percent annually, a senior industry official said.
Best Buy Posts Quarterly Profit Increase (Reuters) Reuters - Top U.S. electronics chain Best Buy\Co. Inc.  on Wednesday reported higher quarterly profit\due to expense control and higher gross margins, offsetting\sluggish sales growth.
Laptop full of new tunes stolen from Natasha Bedingfield (AFP) AFP - Chart-topping pop singer Natasha Bedingfield's laptop computer -- with a hard disk full of new songs and lyrics -- has been stolen at Heathrow airport.
Best Buy 2Q Earnings Rise on Cost Controls (AP) AP - Consumer electronics retailer Best Buy Co. said Wednesday that second-quarter earnings rose on cost controls and improved margins to beat Wall Street expectations.
Three Decapitated Corpses Found North of Baghdad  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - The decapitated bodies of three  men, their heads strapped to their backs, were found dumped in  nylon bags by a roadside north of Baghdad on Wednesday, Iraqi  police and U.S. officials said.
Singapore Releases Two Jemaah Islamiah Militants  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Singapore released from jail  Wednesday two men linked to Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda network,  including one trained in Afghanistan, but said 17 others  arrested in 2002 would be held for two more years without  trial.
UN warns of population explosion Failure to honour funding pledges to the UN means a world population explosion within decades, a report says.
Panel Wants Intel Chief With Budget Say WASHINGTON - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies.    Sen...
Student Collects Fake Parking Fines MADISON, Wis. - A fraternity member has been busted for apparently finding a unique way to supplement his college income - fake parking tickets...
Kazmir Bests Martinez and Red Sox Scott Kazmir already is coming through with flashy wins against famous foes. The 20-year-old rookie struck out a career-high nine in his fourth major league start, leading the Tampa Bay Devil Rays over the Boston Red Sox and Pedro Martinez 5-2 Tuesday night...
1.2 Million Warned to Leave New Orleans NEW ORLEANS - More than 1.2 million people in metropolitan New Orleans were warned to get out as 140-mph Hurricane Ivan churned toward the Gulf Coast, threatening to submerge this below-sea-level city in what could be the most disastrous storm to hit in nearly 40 years.    Residents streamed inland in bumper-to-bumper traffic in an agonizingly slow exodus Tuesday amid dire warnings that Ivan could overwhelm New Orleans with up to 20 feet of filthy, chemical-polluted water...
Three Beheaded Bodies Found in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Three beheaded bodies were found Wednesday or a road north of Baghdad and a car bomb exploded in a town south of the capital, killing two people and injuring 10.    The attacks were the latest in an upsurge of violence that has killed more than 200 people in the country in the last four days...
Sharon Abandons Mideast Peace 'Road Map' Israel will not follow the U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan and could remain in much of the West Bank for an extended period after it withdraws from the Gaza Strip, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a newspaper interview published Wednesday.
OPEC likely to raise output quota by 1 mn bpd NEW YORK, September 15 (New Ratings) - The core Gulf members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) have reportedly recommended that the cartel #39;s official output quota be boosted by 4, or one million barrels per day.
Coca-Cola warns on profits Coca-Cola says earnings for the rest of 2004 will lag current Wall Street expectations because of weakness in key markets, further highlighting the divergent fortunes of the world #39;s largest soft drink maker and its top rival PepsiCo.
HBoS pulls out of Abbey race  quot;These things tend to be decided by egos as much as by financial logic, but HBoS has shown its ability with a level head to walk away from a deal.
Delta pilots wary of retirements Union says pilots may retire en masse to get payments rather than ride out possible bankruptcy. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc.
WSJ: Gap to test new stores that target boomer women UNDATED Gap may be looking at opening its first new retail chain in a decade. A published report says the San Francisco-based retailer is preparing to test specialty clothing stores aimed at women over 35.
DAILY DIGEST New York -- A federal appeals court agreed Tuesday to temporarily seal letters pertaining to the health of former Silicon Valley investment banker Frank Quattrone #39;s wife and teenage daughter after his lawyers protested that a judge was about to make them 
Britons hit by music download  #39;rip-off #39; The competition watchdog has called for an investigation into whether Apple #39;s new iTunes music download service is  quot;ripping off quot; British consumers.
T-Mobile to battle iPod with music smart phone T-Mobile is pitching its against the likes of Apple and Creative with a new smart phone specifically (nominally) designed for digital music playback.
HP to bring grid computing to storage Grid computing links computers to harness their collective resources. HP said its grid approach to storage is designed to let customers focus more on how they use data, not how they store it.
Team Canada captures World Cup over Finland CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Canada remains on top of the hockey world after defeating Finland 3-2 in the World Cup of Hockey final on Tuesday.
CHELSEA DUO PAY CREDIT TO PSG Chelsea striker Didier Drogba and coach Jose Mourinho are convinced that Paris St Germain can bounce back from their crushing home defeat to the London side.
Speed backs Hughes #39; next move WALES captain Gary Speed today insisted Mark Hughes will join Blackburn with the blessing of the players - if his move to the Premiership is rubber-stamped.
Schalke coach Heynckes sacked Schalke 04 coach Jupp Heynckes became the first casualty of the Bundesliga season as he was sacked by the German first division soccer club on Wednesday after leading his team to a dismal start for the new season.
Seattle edges Anaheim  quot;Im happy we won, but I was kind of mad I got out there and I just didnt do the job in the last inning, quot; he said.  quot;Thats what Im upset about.
Putin shakeup won #39;t foster a safer Russia Moscow -- President Vladimir Putin #39;s moves to scrap regional elections and reform parliament in the name of fighting terrorism will move Russia closer to authoritarianism without making the country any safer, analysts and liberal politicians say.
West Bank raids leave 10 dead Israeli raids in the West Bank have left at least 10 Palestinians dead, including an 11-year-old girl and a number of wanted militants.
Business Inventories Grew in July (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. business inventories grew by\more than expected in July and the previous month was revised\higher, government data showed on Wednesday, delivering the\strongest two-month performance in nearly five years.
Treasuries Slip as NY Industry Rebounds (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices slipped on Wednesday\after a survey of regional U.S. manufacturing showed a sharp\recovery in early September, countering signs of softness\elsewhere in the economy.
Consumer Group Calls for Probe of 'Rip-Off' ITunes (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer Corp. is charging its\British iTunes customers 17 percent more per download than its\European customers, a consumer watchdog group said on\Wednesday.
Coca-Cola: Second Half to Lag Street View  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  earnings for the rest of 2004 would lag current Wall Street  expectations because of weakness in key markets, further  highlighting the divergent fortunes of the world's largest soft  drink maker and its top rival, PepsiCo Inc.
Oil Steady as Ivan Balances OPEC Hike  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices were steady on Wednesday as  Hurricane Ivan's effect on crude output and refineries in the  Gulf of Mexico balanced OPEC's attempts to reassure traders  with a four percent output ceiling hike.
Colorado River Habitat Gains Protection (AP) AP - Interior Secretary Gale Norton has signed an agreement with representatives of Arizona, Nevada and California to protect wildlife habitat on the Colorado River and aid native species.
Flashlight Takes Batteries of Any Size (AP) AP - Anyone who has cursed when their flashlight goes dead may have something new to beam about  #151; a flashlight that accepts batteries of different sizes.
Best Buy Profit Up, Backs Year Outlook  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. electronics chain Best Buy  Co. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBY.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday posted an 8 percent rise in  second-quarter net earnings on strong sales of higher-priced  digital products and curbs on expenses.
Panel Says Pollution Plagues Great Lakes (AP) AP - Despite improvements in recent decades, the Great Lakes remain a dumping ground for pollution ranging from livestock waste to mercury emissions, a U.S.-Canadian panel said Monday.
Stocks Set to Open Lower; Coke, Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open lower on  Wednesday as concerns about Hurricane Ivan weighed on sentiment  and Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; warned that earnings for the rest of  the year would lag expectations.
QB McCown to Start Sunday for Cardinals  TEMPE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - Josh McCown has re-claimed  his role as the Arizona Cardinals' starting quarterback, at  least temporarily.
Air Pollution Hits Record Levels in Hong Kong (Reuters) Reuters - Air pollution in Hong Kong has hit\record levels, the government said on Wednesday, and it warned\people with heart or respiratory problems to stay indoors.
OPEC to Increase Oil Production OPEC members were expected to increase the cartel's production during a meeting Wednesday by 1 million barrels a day to meet the global demand for oil. But analysts contended that any decision by the group would likely have little effect on high oil prices.
Sudan Rejects Revised U.N. Darfur Resolution  CAIRO (Reuters) - Sudan's foreign minister rejected  Wednesday a revised U.N. Security Council draft resolution  threatening to consider sanctions on Sudan and said it had  complicated talks on Darfur between rebels and Khartoum.
Businesses' Inventories, Sales Rise in July Businesses saw inventories rise in July as sales picked up, the government reported Wednesday.
Radio Outage Grounds West Coast Flights Airport operations were back to normal early Wednesday following a radio failure at a Federal Aviation Administration control facility that tied up travelers for hours.
Study: Starvation Caused Moose Decline (AP) AP - Malnutrition and starvation have drastically reduced moose numbers in northwest Wyoming, according to the author of a new study that debunks the belief among some that wolves are a leading cause of the decline.
Crews Fail to Find Tree-Killing Beetle (AP) AP - Survey crews searching through woods and neighborhoods in northeast Indiana have not found any new signs of the beetle blamed for killing millions of ash trees in Michigan and Ohio, a state official said.
Businesses' Inventories Rise; July Sales Up The Commerce Department said that stocks of unsold goods increased by 0.9 percent in July, down from a 1.1 percent rise in June.
Bush Says Iraqi Vote Must Proceed Jan. 30 (AP) AP - President Bush acknowledged Monday that American military forces "can never guarantee 100 percent security" for Iraq's elections Jan. 30, but said the voting must proceed on schedule to let people choose democracy over terrorism.
Exercise May Beat Cancer in the Long Run A daily walk around the block, a few laps in the pool, a vigorous game of soccer: studies suggest exercise is extending the lives of women who've survived breast cancer, even as it lifts their spirits.
US Stock Futures Fall; Coca-Cola, Tribune Drop on Forecasts US stock-index futures dropped after Coca-Cola Co., Xilinx Inc., and Tribune Co. said sales or earnings will miss forecasts. Profits and outlooks are falling short and that will disappoint 
Russia #39;s Gazprom rallies anew Russian gas company Gazprom rallied again Wednesday as investors said the upcoming easing of share ownership rules would make it a must-have stock in emerging markets portfolios.
Alitalia pursues rescue talks with unions MILAN - Alitalia headed into eleventh-hour talks with unions today, a putative deadline for clinching plans to avoid bankruptcy, after winning a key deal with pilots.
Businesses #39; Inventories, July Sales Up The Commerce Department said that stocks of unsold goods increased by 0.9 percent in July, down from a 1.1 percent rise in June. Sales, meanwhile, rose by 0.6 percent in July - three times the 0.2 percent increase registered in the previous month.
Unemployment falls as earnings rise The number of people claiming unemployment benefit last month fell by 6,100 to 830,200, according to the Office for National Statistics.
That Picture Could be a Virus Microsoft, the software giant has issued a patch so that users can view pictures in the JPEG format without the risk of getting their computers infected.
Bush Requests NASA Storm Aid President Bush on Tuesday asked Congress for \$126 million to help NASA repair the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, which was damaged by recent hurricanes.
Radcliffe was carrying leg injury LONDON, England -- Paula Radcliffe has revealed that a leg muscle injury affected her preparations for the Athens Olympics where she was forced to drop out of the marathon and 10,000 meters after starting as hot favorite.
South Korea Says Blast in North May Have Been Dam Project Intelligence officials in South Korea say the mysterious blast in North Korea may have been from a hydro-electric dam project, as Pyongyang claims.
Politicians debate Hong Kong poll results Chinese officials lauded the comfortable majority of the Beijing camp in Hong Kong #39;s election as a vote for prosperity, but the city #39;s leading liberal said yesterday China should not doubt the popular desire for democracy.
Government warns of net dangers A more joined-up approach to net safety is needed if government is to get the message home to citizens.
Amazon releases A9 search engine Internet retailer Amazon.com Inc. officially moved into the search engine market with the unveiling late Tuesday of its Internet search engine, A9.com.
July business inventories up more than expected Businesses saw inventories rise in July and sales picked up, the government reported Wednesday. The Commerce Department said that stocks of unsold goods increased 0.9 in July, down from a 1.1 rise in June.
Hurricane Ivan Threatens NASA Facilities Workers evacuated Tuesday from the low-lying New Orleans plant where they have been scrambling to prepare external fuel tanks for the shuttles.
Drogba faces UEFA punishment Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has urged European football #39;s governing body, UEFA, not to punish star striker Didier Drogba for taunting Paris Saint-Germain fans on Tuesday.
Yankees bounce back After ending a career-worst five-game losing skid last week, the right-hander held the Kansas City Royals to three hits in eight innings Tuesday night, pitching the New York Yankees to a 4-0 victory.
High-Tech Industry Has Lost 400,000 Jobs By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- The U.S. information tech sector lost 403,300 jobs between March 2001 and this past April, and the market for tech workers remains bleak, according to a new report...
Peerbot Search Engine Offers Searching by Favicon Peerbot Search Engine Offers Searching by Favicon\\You know what favicons are? They're little teeny icons that show up on the address bar in at least Opera, Mozilla, and Internet Explorer. You can get information on what they are and how to put them together at ClickFire .\\Peerbot ( http://www.peerbot.com ) ...
Organic SEO: Patience For Long Term Ranking Results Organic SEO: Patience For Long Term Ranking Results\\When does long term SEO show ranking results? It takes time for optimization to produce targeted traffic to your website. Organic SEO requires time to take effect, just as it takes time for your web pages to start showing up in the search ...
British Airways cancels 966 flights in next three months (AFP) AFP - British Airways said it planned to cancel almost 1,000 flights in the next three months.
Sudanese rebel movement says peace talks have collapsed (AFP) AFP - One of two rebel movements engaged in peace talks with Sudan's government mediated by the African Union (AU) said the negotiations over the Darfur region had collapsed and could be suspended for weeks.
Industrial Production Nearly Stalls  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. industrial output barely edged  up, gaining a less-than-expected 0.1 percent in August, the  Federal Reserve said on Wednesday.
J.P. Morgan Cancels IBM Outsourcing Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; said  on Wednesday it was canceling a \$5 billion outsourcing deal  with IBM Corp., &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; and planned to rehire about 4,000  workers who had been transferred to IBM under the pact.
Global Markets: Oil Dips After OPEC Hike  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil supply fears eased slightly on  Wednesday as OPEC hiked production quotas by 1 million barrels  a day, balancing risks from Hurricane Ivan that has temporarily  closed 60 percent of Gulf of Mexico crude output.
GOP nominee vows to be non-partisan as CIA chief (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Under sometimes sharp questioning from Democrats, Republican Rep. Porter Goss told a Senate committee Tuesday that his past partisan views and strong support for an intelligence agency that many consider deeply flawed will not stand in the way of needed reforms if he is confirmed as director of central intelligence.
Pac-10 Commissioner Wants Votes Public (AP) AP - The commissioner of the Pac-10 Conference called Monday for coaches to make their votes public after California was dropped below No. 6 by six voters in the final poll.
Oracle beats the Street, reaffirms guidance Oracle Corp., the world #39;s second-largest software firm, beat the Street with its first-quarter results after Tuesday #39;s market close thanks to stronger sales of its database software.
Gap wants to dress boomer women In the second half of 2005, Gap Inc. plans to launch its first new chain in a decade, a specialty clothing retailer aimed at women over 35 years old, according to a published report Wednesday citing Gap Chief Executive Paul Pressler.
Microsoft And Polycom Strike Desktop Conferencing Pact Microsoft and Polycom Inc. disclosed plans to integrate their products to give PC users new options for audio and video conferencing.
Yankees widen their lead Jason Giambi made his first start since July 23, Mike Mussina pitched three-hit ball for eight innings, and the New York Yankees beat the host Kansas City Royals, 4-0, to increase their AL East lead to four games over the Boston Red Sox.
Tigers look to the future Manager Alan Trammell keeps talking about this year. About scoring some runs, winning some games. But really, this is all about next year for the Detroit Tigers, especially now 
Abductions in Iraq a big business Groups tied to Abu Musab Zarqawi claim a major car bombing Tuesday, taking Westerners as hostages. By Howard LaFranchi. BAGHDAD - When a disciplined group of uniformed men kidnapped two Italian aid workers 
59 left dead after attack on Iraqi police Iraqi police suffered two massive blows in attacks that left at least 59 people dead and more than 120 injured. The major attack - a car bomb blast near a Baghdad police station - was claimed by an al Qaida-linked terror group.
UK plays down Mideast talks LONDON: Talk about a Middle East peace conference in London early next year is  quot;premature, quot; a spokesman for British Prime Minister Tony Blair said last night.
Empire manufacturing up sharply in September Business at factories across New York state improved at an accelerated pace in the past month according to the Empire State Manufacturing Survey posted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Buffalo.
Delta Eyes Retired Pilots Deal Retired pilots may fly planes for Delta Air Lines as part of an interim agreement as the pilots union seeks to head off Delta #39;s potential bankruptcy deadline.
European Union willing to cut Airbus aid The European Union says if Washington will reduce aid to the Boeing Co., it #39;s willing to accept cuts in subsidies for Airbus Industries.
Mozilla fixes browser bugs The Mozilla Foundation has fixed 10 security bugs in its open-source Mozilla and Mozilla Firefox browsers and Thunderbird e-mail reader, with the release of new versions of all three products this week. Some of the vulnerabilities could allow attackers to run malicious code on a user's PC via a malicious e-mail, a specially crafted vCard or a malformed graphic on a Web site, project leaders said.
Mozilla fixes browser bugs The Mozilla Foundation has fixed 10 security bugs in its open-source Mozilla and Mozilla Firefox browsers and Thunderbird e-mail reader, with the release of new versions of all three products this week.
Sauber signs Villeneuve Jacques Villeneuves determination to return to racing has secured him a place in the 2005 paddock. The 33-year old Canadian has signed a two-year contract with Sauber, which will come into effect on the 1st of November 2004.
Cash has ACL tear in her left knee AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- The Detroit Shock will be without their leading scorer for the remainder of the season. Prior to their 82-71 victory over the New York Liberty on Tuesday, the Shock placed Swin Cash 
Holders Porto held to draw Porto, Portugal (Sports Network) - Champions League play began Tuesday and Groups G and H featured few surprises, as Valencia, Inter Milan and Chelsea all emerged victorious.
Al-Zarqawi claims responsibility for Baghdad, Baqouba operations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Some 74 Iraqis were killed in Iraq yesterday while other 154 were injured, most of them are victims of a booby trapped car explosion in Baghdad and an attack in Baqouba, Abu Mus #39;ab al-Zarqawi claimed responsibility for, fighting in al-Ramadi between the 
Israel Kills 10 in W. Bank #39;s Deadliest Day Since 2002 Raiding Israeli forces killed six Palestinian militants and four civilians on Wednesday, the highest single-day Palestinian death toll in the West Bank for more than two years, witnesses and medics said.
Hitachi Readies 100GB Notebook Drives Higher-capacity hard drives will be available by the end of the year.
Judges Postpone Milosevic Trial for Month (AP) AP - Stalled by reluctant witnesses and an uncooperative defendant, judges in Slobodan Milosevic's war crimes trial adjourned the proceedings for a month Wednesday to give the former Yugoslav president's court-appointed lawyers time to prepare their case.
J.P. Morgan Cancels IBM Outsourcing Deal (Reuters) Reuters - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co.  said\on Wednesday it was canceling a  #36;5 billion outsourcing deal\with IBM Corp.,  and planned to rehire about 4,000\workers who had been transferred to IBM under the pact.
Gap to Launch Store for 'Boomer' Women (Reuters) Reuters - Gap Inc.  on Wednesday said it\plans to test a new store concept next year aimed at women over\age 35, and named Gap brand president Gary Muto to oversee the\development.
U.S. Stocks Open Lower, Coca-Cola Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Wednesday  as Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; upset sentiment by warning earnings for  the rest of the year would lag expectations, while concerns  about Hurricane Ivan and its effect on crude prices continued  to weigh on investors.
Bush-Yawar firm on Iraq poll date BAGHDAD: The presidents of Iraq and the United States pledged yesterday there would be no delay to landmark elections on January 30 despite a flare-up of violence that left about 100 dead in three days.
Gap to Launch Store for 'Boomer' Women  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Gap Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GPS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it  plans to test a new store concept next year aimed at women over  age 35, and named Gap brand president Gary Muto to oversee the  development.
Roots of terrorism  #39;ignored #39; LONDON: Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf, in London for talks yesterday with British Prime Minister Tony Blair, said the world is  quot;absolutely quot; less safe because it is failing to tackle the core causes of terrorism.
PM backs violent game inquiry Tony Blair said children need protecting from violent video games, blamed for the murder of a schoolboy.
Tories to sign up online recruits The Tories are to recruit members online rather than making people join the party through local associations.
AB faces more competition from SABMiller in China London #39;s SABMiller has agreed to buy the Chinese brewing business of Australia #39;s Lion Nathan for US\$154 million, it said Wednesday.
Treasuries Slip as NY Industry Rebounds Treasuries prices slipped on Wednesday after a survey of regional US manufacturing showed a sharp recovery in early September, countering signs of softness elsewhere in the economy.
Fleming, suppliers settle SEC claims WASHINGTON -- Grocery wholesaler Fleming Cos. and some of its suppliers and their employees have agreed to settle Securities and Exchange Commission claims of accounting fraud.
OFT urged to investigate  #39;rip-off #39; iTunes The Consumers #39; Association has accused iTunes - the music download service from Apple - of ripping off UK punters by charging them 20 per cent more than European counterparts.
EU extends ban on Asian poultry imports The European Union said Wednesday it had extended a ban on imports of chicken meat and pet birds from several Asian countries hit by avian flu to March 31 next year.
Austrians silence jibbering supermarket trolleys &lt;strong&gt;In brief&lt;/strong&gt; A victory for humanity
Clash of the Tech Titans (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Internet's biggest players are preparing for all-out war, adding new weapons to their arsenals in hopes that they can offer the best full suite of digital services to future Net users.
Hitachi Readies 100GB Notebook Drives (PC World) PC World - Higher-capacity hard drives will be available by the end of the year.
Workers to Wield Linux RFID Devices (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - RFID deals are really flying at the Frontline show. In one agreement, Linux handheld terminals will come together with wireless emulation for the enterprise. Through another, three IT firms will support Beaver Street Fisheries' bid to move RFID a step beyond mere compliance.
Rain Brings Back Bad Memories for Vols (AP) AP - Playing in the rain against Florida brings back some bad memories for Tennessee.
Coca-Cola Warns on Profits, Shares Drop  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  earnings for the rest of the year would lag Wall Street  expectations because of weakness in key markets, further  highlighting the divergent fortunes of the world's largest soft  drink maker and its top rival, PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;.
OPEC Lifts Oil Output Quotas One Mln Bpd  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC on Wednesday lifted oil supply  quotas by one million barrels a day, four percent, in a renewed  bid to force down stubbornly high world crude prices.
PacifiCare to Buy American Medical  CHICAGO (Reuters) - PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PHS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PHS.N&lt;/A&gt;  said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security  Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZ.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$502 million, in a bid by the health  insurer to broaden into the individual and small-business  markets.
Martha to hold news conference NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Martha Stewart set a news conference Wednesday to discuss  quot;matters related to her sentencing. quot;. It was not immediately clear what would be discussed specifically at the news conference 
Kerkorian and MGM, Off Again On Monday, Kirk Kerkorian sold Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. for the third time. As a Hollywood reconciliation story, that means Kerkorian has bought and sold the venerable movie studio more times than Elizabeth Taylor married Richard Burton.
HBOS opts to reject making bid for Abbey LONDON HBOS said on Wednesday that it would not bid for Abbey National, clearing the way for Santander Central Hispano #39;s 8.7 billion takeover of the No.
JPMorgan to absorb 4,000 IBM workers NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. plans to undo a technology outsourcing deal with International Business Machines Corp., taking back about 4,000 employees and contractors from the computer giant.
Intercontinental Boss Steps Down InterContinental Hotels today said it had begun the search for a new chief executive after a change in strategy forced out present boss Richard North.
BA cancels 1,000 Heathrow flights British Airways today announced the cancellation of almost 1,000 flights over the next three months in an effort to ease congestion at Heathrow, one of the world #39;s busiest airports.
iTunes referred to consumer watchdog The Consumer Association has today complained to the UKs Office of Fair Trading that downloading tracks from Apples iTunes costs UK consumers more than their counterparts in France and Germany.
Hitachi to release 100GB hard drives for notebooks Hitachi announced it would be shipping 2.5in hard drives with capacities up to 100GB for notebook computers by the end of 2004. The Travelstar 5K100 and E5K100 hard drives 
As an NHL lockout looms, Canada cooly outduels Finland, 3-2 TORONTO Midway through the third period, with the outcome of the World Cup of Hockey still in doubt, the public-address system played a clap-along song with a chorus about  quot;the good old hockey game.
Drogba Can Be Our Henry - Lampard Frank Lampard believes Didier Drogba can do for Chelsea what Thierry Henry has done for Arsenal. The 26-year-old Ivory Coast striker Drogba scored twice as Chelsea opened their Champions 
Arsenal have  #39;grown up #39; Patrick Vieira believes Arsenal are a more mature outfit as a result of the European heartbreak they have suffered over recent seasons.
Pakistan set up India ICC showdown LONDON, England -- Pakistan beat Kenya by seven wickets in the ICC Champions Trophy Pool C match at Edgbaston in Birmingham on Wednesday.
Soccer: Larsson leaves Celtic a calling card as Barca rolls We do not have to believe every cynic who says that all the great players are mercenaries who flit like butterflies through the big money clubs of the Champions League.
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - Javier Vazquez hopes to put the brakes on a personal three- game losing streak this afternoon when the New York Yankees close out their three-game set with the Kansas City Royals at Kauffman Stadium.
EU assembly to describe Darfur crisis as genocide By Reuters &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Parliament is set to call violence in Sudan #39;s Darfur region  quot;tantamount to genocide quot; later this week, echoing strong statements from the United States and toughening the EU stance.
Russians wary of Putin #39;s actions MOSCOW -- President Vladimir Putin says he will fight anti-Russian attacks by consolidating security agencies and further tightening political control over the country.
Opec Ups Quotas At Vienna Summit Opec has raised its output quotas in an attempt to bring oil prices below \$40 a barrel. The cartel of leading oil producers says it will pump another million barrels of crude a day, bringing total output to 27 million barrels a day.
Hitachi readies notebook Serial ATA hard drives Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (HGST) this week said it will ship a line of Serial ATA hard drives designed for notebook usage in Q4.
Novell set to fly with cross-platform management Novell Inc has released a new version of its ZENworks management software for Linux as it moves towards a common management interface for Linux, Windows, Unix and NetWare.
DEVICES: T-Mobile Germany revealed SDA and SDA Music Smartphones Today, T-Mobile Germany officially revealed the launch of the SDA and the new SDA Music Smartphones, based on Windows Mobile 2003.
Out of control in Oakland THERE IS no excuse for the behavior exhibited by a few Oakland A #39;s fans and some members of the Texas Rangers baseball team that sent a player to jail and left a spectator with a broken nose.
Blackburn step up chase for Hughes LONDON, England -- Blackburn Rovers have made an official approach to talk to Welsh national manager Mark Hughes about the vacant job at Ewood Park.
FA Cup semifinals to be played in Cardiff London - This season #39;s FA Cup semifinals will be held at Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium, the Football Association said on Wednesday.
InterContinental Hotels eases out CEO InterContinental Hotels, the world #39;s biggest hotelier, has eased out chief executive Richard North to make way for a career hotelier with brand-building skills to drive forward the business.
Sony to mass produce flattest screens Sony will begin mass production of full-colour organic light emitting diode (Oled) displays next year. It is considering using the technology across a range of the company #39;s portable devices with screen sizes up to 10in (25cm).
MLB Notes: Twins top Chisox, open 11 1/2 game lead Nearing a third straight division title, Johan Santana and the Minnesota Twins aren #39;t short on motivation. Their rivals, the fading Chicago White Sox, gave them a little more.
Cardiff to host FA Cup semi-finals Cardiff #39;s Millennium Stadium will host this season #39;s FA Cup semi-finals as well as the final. It will be the first time the venue has hosted the semi-finals, with Old Trafford and Villa Park having been favoured in recent years.
Car bomb kills 2 south of Baghdad BAGHDAD A car bomb exploded in a town south of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing two people and wounding 10, the latest in a spate of attacks that have killed some 150 people in the last four days.
Sri Lanka handball team vanishes The 23-strong Sri Lankan handball team disappears while on an exchange visit to Germany.
Sharon Doesn't Plan to Follow 'Road Map' JERUSALEM - Israel will not follow the U.S.-backed "road map" peace plan and could remain in much of the West Bank for an extended period after it withdraws from the Gaza Strip, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in a newspaper interview published Wednesday.    Sharon's comments were his most detailed yet on his long-term vision for the region...
Coast Guard Shuts Gulf of Mexico Ports (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Coast Guard shut five ports on\Wednesday in the Gulf of Mexico coast states of Alabama,\Florida and Mississippi as Hurricane Ivan churned nearer.
SP2 Users Insulated From JPEG Flaw Microsofts monthly security bulletin has uncovered a critical buffer overrun vulnerability that exists in the processing of JPEG image formats.
IETF knocks back Microsoft anti-spam plan The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has turned down Microsoft #39;s technical contribution to the Sender ID proposal. A combination of Microsoft #39;s Caller ID and a domain authentication scheme devised by 
Polls: Bush Trails Kerry in New York (AP) AP - President Bush got a convention bounce even in heavily Democratic New York but still trailed rival John Kerry, two statewide presidential polls said Wednesday.
JPMorgan to Absorb 4,000 IBM Workers (AP) AP - JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. plans to undo a technology outsourcing deal with International Business Machines Corp., taking back about 4,000 employees and contractors from the computer giant.
Barry makes political comeback in Washington (AFP) AFP - Marion Barry, the former mayor of Washington who was caught taking cocaine, has made a new political comeback in the US capital.
Iraq seeks EU, NATO help to keep elections on track (AFP) AFP - Iraqi President Ghazi al-Yawar called on NATO and the European Union to do more to help stabilize his war-ravaged country ahead of elections which he hopes can be held as planned in January.
Cell chip development 'almost done' - Toshiba chief Massively parallel processor to 'change the world', apparently
Clash of the Tech Titans The Internet's biggest players are preparing for all-out war, adding new weapons to their arsenals in hopes that they can offer the best full suite of digital services to future Net users. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
J.P. Morgan Cancels IBM Outsourcing Deal &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;JPM.N&gt; said\on Wednesday it was canceling a \$5 billion outsourcing deal\with IBM Corp., &lt;IBM.N&gt; and planned to rehire about 4,000\workers who had been transferred to IBM under the pact.&lt;/p&gt;
China beer sale buoys Lion LION Nathan has delivered on its promise to deal with competitive pressures in China, selling its business in the world #39;s biggest beer market for a higher than expected \$US154 million (\$219 million).
UPDATE 2-US mortgage applications fall last week-MBA New applications for US home loans fell last week from a four-month high even as 30-year mortgage rates declined to their lowest level since late March, an industry group said on Wednesday.
BTG hits Amazon, Netflix and others with patent suit LONDON - BTG PLC, a London-based firm that focuses on intellectual property and technology commercialization, said Wednesday that it has filed suit against Amazon.com Inc., Barnesandnoble.com LLC and two other Internet companies for infringing on patents related to the tracking of users on the Web.
Apple UK rip-off claim p2pnet.net News:- Britain #39;s Consumers #39; Association wants to know why Apple charges its UK users 17 more for downloads that those in the rest of Europe.
Microsoft patches  #39;critical #39; JPEG exploit Microsoft has issued a patch to fix the security flaw, and urges its customers to use a new utility to locate the computer applications that are vulnerable.
Eastman rebuffs Sendra jibe European middleweight champion Howard Eastman has stepped up his war of words ahead of his fight with Spain #39;s Jorge Sendra on 24 September.
Israeli Troops Raid Nablus, Jenin, Kill 11 Palestinians Palestinian medical sources and witnesses say Israeli forces killed at least 11 Palestinians during raids in two West Bank cities Wednesday.
Three Beheaded Bodies Found in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 15, 2004 - Security forces discovered three beheaded bodies Wednesday on a road north of Baghdad, and a car bomb exploded in a town south of the capital, killing two people amid a surge 
Amazon Unveils Its Search Engine A9.com is designed to compete with existing search sites, including Google.
Spain's SCH Wins British Bank for  #36;16 Bln (Reuters) Reuters - Spanish bank Santander claimed\victory for its 8.7 billion pound ( #36;15.6 billion) agreed\takeover of Britain's Abbey National after its most likely\rival, UK bank HBOS, pulled out of the race.
Airbus Sees Mobile Phone Use on Planes in 2006 (Reuters) Reuters - European planemaker Airbus reported\progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use\mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
Toyota to Make Hybrid Cars in China (AP) AP - Toyota Motor Corp. will begin making its ecologically friendly hybrid model in China by the end of 2005, the first overseas assembly for the company's Prius vehicle.
PIMCO Adviser in  #36;11.6 Mln SEC Settlement (Reuters) Reuters - The PIMCO mutual fund group's\adviser and two affiliates will pay  #36;11.6 million to settle\U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charges involving\improper "revenue-sharing" payments to brokers, said a source\familiar with the case on Wednesday.
OPEC Lifts Oil Quotas  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC on Wednesday lifted oil supply  quotas by one million barrels a day, four percent, in a renewed  bid to force down stubbornly high world crude prices.
Industrial Production Nearly Stalls  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. industrial output growth nearly  stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities  nearly swamped a solid performance in factories, a report from  the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
Spain's SCH Wins British Bank for \$16 Bln  LONDON/MADRID (Reuters) - Spanish bank Santander claimed  victory for its 8.7 billion pound (\$15.6 billion) agreed  takeover of Britain's Abbey National after its most likely  rival, UK bank HBOS, pulled out of the race.
PIMCO Adviser in \$11.6 Mln SEC Settlement  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The PIMCO mutual fund group's  adviser and two affiliates will pay \$11.6 million to settle  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charges involving  improper "revenue-sharing" payments to brokers, said a source  familiar with the case on Wednesday.
Tribune Won't Meet Wall St. Expectations  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Publisher and broadcaster Tribune Co.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TRB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TRB.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said third-quarter earnings would lag Wall  Street estimates, hurt by lower-than-expected political  advertising at its television stations.
Treasuries Sag on Signs of Resilience  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices slipped on Wednesday  after a survey of regional U.S. manufacturing showed a sharp  recovery in early September, countering signs of softness  elsewhere in the economy.
Russia Rebuts U.S. Criticism of Putin's Shake-Up  ASTANA, Kazakhstan (Reuters) - Russia curtly told the  United States to stay out of its business Wednesday after U.S.  criticism, echoed by the European Union, of President Vladimir  Putin's plans for radical change that will boost Kremlin power.
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Custom Labels Don #146;t like the names Apple created for the colors used in the Color Labels feature? Then just create your own. Find out how on the Apple Pro/Design/ site  #151; it #146;s the first of a weekly series of Mac OS X killer tips. Sep 15
Can You Say Cursed? Despite watching the Cubs and Red Sox surge the past two months, Michael Wilbon says they're both cursed and neither is going to the World Series.
How to rip from vinyl or tape So, you have five hundred tapes and albums of the Beatles, Led Zeppelin, and the like, and want then on your computer? Well, you could spend hundreds of dollars replacing music you already paid for once with CDs. Or, instead of paying twenty bucks per album, you could spend twenty cents per album to convert your tapes and vinyl to CD and rip those. Read more for how.    Also, the instructions below will allow you to defeat any copy protection. Period. Just substitute "cheap CD walkman" for "stereo." Caution- doing this in the United Statesor other parts of the world may be a felony. Those in less corrupt, more civilized parts of the world need not fear.    Or alternately, you can make CDs of your own band.
OPEC Ministers to Discuss Oil Production Oil ministers of the 11-member Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries meet Wednesday in Vienna to discuss the possibility of raising production, which could lower world oil prices.
Alitalia pursues rescue talks with Italian unions MILAN : Alitalia headed into eleventh-hour talks with unions to clinch plans to avoid bankruptcy, after winning a key deal with pilots.
For iTunes, it pays to be French com September 15, 2004, 7:35 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Xerox Outlines Services Push NEW YORKA day after ditching its tagline  quot;The Document Company, quot; Xerox Corp. sought to drive home the company #39;s new focus on services.
Arab-owned Israeli team faces up to Souness #39; Newcastle But the match has another compelling storyline: the Magpies #39; little-known UEFA Cup opponent is an Israeli club, Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin, with a rare mixture of Jews and Arabs.
McKenzie Expected to Re-Join Packers A Green Bay Packers defense that played magnificently in Monday night #39;s season-opening triumph at Carolina should get significantly better today, when cornerback Mike McKenzie is to join the 
Rays hand Sox second straight loss The Red Sox lose back-to-back games for the first time in more than five weeks, after a 5-to-2 loss to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Rookie Scott Kazmir outpitched Pedro Martinez to lead Tampa Bay.
Blazers, Nets reportedly discussing Kidd trade The New Jersey Nets and the Portland Trailblazers have discussed a trade involving superstars Jason Kidd and Shareef Abdur-Rahim, according to a published Internet report.
Airbus Sees Mobile Phone Use on Planes in 2006  LONDON (Reuters) - European planemaker Airbus reported  progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use  mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
North Korea's claim about mysterious blast might be true: Seoul (AFP) AFP - Communist North Korea's claim that a huge and mysterious explosion was caused by a civil engineering project might be true, according to South Korea's intelligence agency.
Bad timing for Bibby firing If you weren #39;t convinced Southern California athletic director Mike Garrett was clueless about basketball when he hired Henry Bibby, you probably should have gotten the message when Garrett fired Bibby on Monday.
OPEC Lifts Oil Quotas to Drop Crude Price  VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC on Wednesday lifted oil supply  quotas by one million barrels a day, four percent, in a renewed  bid to force down stubbornly high world crude prices.
Mozilla Fixes Browser Bugs (PC World) PC World - Ten security flaws found in Firefox browser, Thunderbird e-mail client.
Stocks Down on Coke Warning  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were lower on Wednesday  after a profit warning from Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; renewed  investors' doubts about earnings growth in the second half of  the year.
Viduka #39;s double lights up Riverside IT CAN only be coincidence that the power failure that ensured the closure of concession stands throughout the Riverside Stadium brought such a ravenous display from three centre forwards whose hunger has been questioned.
Altered Reality of Foreign Investing Globalization's changed how the world's markets interact -- and how your portfolio fares.
Ukraine Rivals OK Vote Reforms for Rematch (AP) AP - Ukraine's political rivals agreed early Tuesday on legislation to ensure a fair vote during the rerun later this month of the fraud-ridden presidential runoff but remained divided on constitutional amendments trimming presidential powers.
Hurricane Ivan Roars Toward Gulf Coast NEW ORLEANS - Stragglers streamed toward higher ground Wednesday on highways turned into one-way evacuation routes and surf started eroding beaches as Hurricane Ivan roared toward the Gulf Coast with 135 mph wind and its outer bands darkened the sky.    Ivan could cause significant damage no matter where it strikes, as hurricane-force wind extended up to 105 miles out from the center...
Kerry: Bush Policies Full of Bad Choices DETROIT - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry attacked the Bush administration as the "excuse presidency" on Wednesday, charging that the president stood by while jobs disappeared and the middle class lost ground.   "This president has created more excuses than jobs...
Lion Nathan #39;s \$200m sell-off triumph Australia #39;s second-largest brewer yesterday announced an agreement to sell its three Yangtze River Delta breweries to an SABMiller-China Resources Enterprises joint venture for \$219 million.
JP Morgan ends IBM outsource deal JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. said Wednesday it was canceling a \$5 billion outsourcing deal with IBM Corp. and planned to rehire about 4,000 workers who had been transferred to IBM under the pact.
PacifiCare #39;s American Medical merger worth \$502M PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. will pay \$502 million to buy all outstanding shares of common stock of American Medical Security. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Cypress-based PacifiCare will pay \$32.
Drogba the destroyer as Chelsea fire early JOSE MOURINHO began his latest campaign as he finished the last one - a winner - as his new club Chelsea thrashed French strugglers Paris Saint Germain 3-0 in Paris in their opening match of the tournament on Tuesday.
Villeneuve back in frame as Trulli departs Renault THE Renault team have parted company with Italian driver Jarno Trulli with three races in the 2004 world championship still to go.
Ponting doesn #39;t think much of Kiwis or winning  #39;myth #39; RICKY PONTING believes the game #39;s watchers have fallen for the  quot;myth quot; that New Zealand know how to rattle Australia.
Pakistan cruise to victory Pakistan today continued the trend for one-sided matches in the opening week of the ICC Champions Trophy by completing an emphatic victory over Kenya between the showers at Edgbaston.
Blackburn move in on Hughes The Football Association of Wales have confirmed that they have received an approach for Mark Hughes from Blackburn. Wales manager Hughes yesterday revealed, via his representative, that he is keen to return 
UPDATE 2-Top seed Moya stunned by qualifier in Beijing Top seed Carlos Moya got blown off court by a French teenager playing his first ATP Tour match at the rain-it China Open on Wednesday.
NAC Breda #39;s Tamas Peto banned for 10 games for doping NAC Breda won #39;t appeal a 10-game ban on Hungarian midfielder Tamas Peto by the Dutch Soccer Association as punishment for alleged doping, the team said Wednesday.
Police check  #39;curse #39; on Sharon ISRAELI police have begun investigating several death threats made against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in recent days over his plan to evacuate Jewish settlements from the Gaza Strip.
Losing sight of the countryside Migration to urban centres is exacerbating problems in the countryside, the World Urban Forum is told.
J.P. Morgan cancels IBM outsourcing contract The termination of the \$5 billion deal stands in opposition to a trend toward more IT outsourcing.
Nokia, NEC test IP multimedia interoperability Two industry heavyweights have completed interoperability tests of a new technology designed to drive the convergence of voice, data, and video services over wireless and fixed infrastructure based on the Internet Protocol.
Empire State survey climbs to 28.3 from August #39;s 13.2 WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Factory activity in the New York region accelerated in September, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York said Wednesday.
IMF says markets at most resilient in 3 years The global financial system is at its most resilient since the equity bubble burst in 2001, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, despite rising interest rates, heightened security and higher oil prices.
Software bug raises spectre of  #39;JPEG of death #39; Flawed software code used by numerous Microsoft applications to render images mean that a specially constructed image file could hijack a computer or spread a virus.
Nestle Waters ponders Perrier sale ... or outsourcing (AFP) AFP - Nestle Waters said it might sell Perrier, the iconic French mineral water, while keeping options including a mooted outsourcing on tap.
News: World's largest ID theft felon faces 14 years' jail A former New York computer help desk technician yesterday pleaded guilty to playing a key part in what prosecutors reckon is the largest identity theft case to date.\
Lebanese boycott mobile phones for three hours in protest at high costs (AFP) AFP - Professional bodies and trade unions vowed to continue actions to force the government to cut mobile phone rates following a third boycott of cellular lines, reckoned to be among the costliest in the world.
Sudanese Peace Talks Hit Impasse (AP) AP - Peace talks between the Sudanese government and two rebel factions from the troubled Darfur region hit an impasse, and the sides agreed to break for at least three weeks before resuming efforts, one rebel faction said Wednesday.
Mickelson Says Equipment Change Won't Hurt Ryder Cup  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Masters champion  Phil Mickelson defended his commitment to the U.S. Ryder Cup  cause on Wednesday as scrutiny over his decision to switch  equipment before golf's biggest team event intensified.
Oracle Shares Gain Amid Tech Decline  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of software maker Oracle Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; rose as much as 8 percent in early trading on  Wednesday, a day after the company posted strong quarterly  profit fueled by steady demand for its flagship database  products.
Windows 2000 to get its last major update Microsoft will not be developing a fifth service pack for Windows 2000, but will issue a single security update called Update Rollup, which is due in mid-2005.
Maryland Court Rejects Electronic-Voting Challenge (Reuters) Reuters - Maryland's highest court has\rejected a challenge to the state's electronic voting system\and upheld a ruling that touchscreen-style voting machines\provide a reasonable level of ballot security.
Top Seed Moya Stunned by Qualifier in Beijing  BEIJING (Reuters) - Top seed Carlos Moya got blown off  court by a French teenager playing his first ATP Tour match at  the rain-hit China Open on Wednesday.
Montgomerie Multi-Tasks in Europe's Cause  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Colin Montgomerie is  playing team leader, confidant and chief cheerleader to  Europe's Ryder Cup squad this week -- and he is thriving on the  challenge.
BA to Axe Almost 1,000 Heathrow Flights  LONDON (Reuters) - British Airways Plc, Europe's  second-biggest airline, is to cancel almost 1,000 flights out  of London's Heathrow airport in the next three months to ease  the congestion that led to travel disruptions.
Martha Stewart Asks to Begin Prison Sentence as Soon as Possible NEW YORK - Martha Stewart (search) announced Wednesday at a press conferecne that had decided to surrender for prison as soon as possible, citing the need  quot;to put this nightmare behind me.
Jpmorgan Chase and Ibm Announce Changes to Technology &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK  amp; ARMONK, NY - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ept. 15, 2004  -organ Chase  amp; Co. (NYSE: JPM) and IBM today announced JPMorgan Chases plans to reintegrate the previously outsourced portions of its technology 
Coca-Cola warns second-half earnings will fall short of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Coca-Cola Co. says its third-quarter per-share results will drop at least 24 per cent because of poor weather in Europe and problems executing its business strategy in North America.
Kerr-McGee to stop Savannah #39;s sulfate pigment production Kerr-McGee Corp. plans to shut down its Savannah, Ga., pigment sulfate production, resulting in charges of \$75 million to \$85 million in the third quarter.
Update 2: Reynolds American Issues Earnings Guidance Reynolds American Inc., created by the recent merger of RJ Reynolds Tobacco Co. and the US businesses of Brown  amp; Williamson Tobacco Corp.
Delta pilots agree to talk on retirements Delta Air Lines #39; pilot union has agreed to negotiate the early retirement issue that the company says could lead it into bankruptcy if it is not settled by the end of this month.
FUTURES MOVERS The Gulf Coast girded Wednesday for the arrival of Hurricane Ivan, as petroleum and natural-gas producers shut in output from offshore installations in anticipation of the category four storm.
OLED screens brighten Sony handhelds Sony may be puling its Clie handhelds out of the US and Europe, but that doesn #39;t mean the company has lost all faith in the handheld market.
iTunes pricing unfair, says British consumer group British consumer watchdog group Consumers #39; Association, publishers of Which? magazines and books, on Wednesday announced that they #39;ve written to the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) alleging that Apple may be 
Another Patch Job from Microsoft SEATTLE -- Microsoft released a patch for its latest  quot;critical quot; rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programs, the company said Tuesday.
Visual Studio Aims At Structuring The Software Development Process Visual Studio 2005 Team System will try to include features that make it more likely that what the developers know in their hearts also is visible to managers.
The Beatles Sue Apple Computer Giants Apple are facing the biggest legal payout in history as they once again battle their courtroom nemesis, also named Apple.
Mayhem, for fun I admit to being skeptical that the Teen-rated Burnout 3: Takedown, from Criterion Games and Electronic Arts, was going to be just another street-racing title.
Three Nacional players suspended after nightclub altercation Lisbon, Portugal (Sports Network) - CD Nacional suspended three players who were arrested following an altercation at a Portuguese nightclub early Monday morning.
Dulko reaches quarters; Sugiyama, Rubin bounced in Bali openers Bali, Indonesia (Sports Network) - Seventh-seeded Argentine Gisela Dulko moved into the quarterfinals, while third-seeded Japanese Ai Sugiyama and 2003 Bali runner-up Chanda Rubin were a pair of opening-round losers Wednesday at the \$225,000 Wismilak 
Report: Decision could come today Art Howe has been given the option to leave as Mets manager immediately or manage until then end of the season and then be fired, a high-ranking club official has told Michael Kay of ESPN Radio 1050 in New York.
Iran May Curb Nuke Work (CBS/AP) Iran has agreed in principle to temporarily stop some suspect activities that its critics allege are meant to make nuclear weapons, as it seeks to blunt censure at an upcoming UN meeting, diplomats said Tuesday.
Susilo well ahead in Indonesian presidential race: opinion polls By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Indonesia Bureau Chief Haseenah Koyakutty. JAKARTA : Former army general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is being tipped to win next Monday #39;s Indonesian presidential election by a handsome margin.
DUP sets out demands ahead of Kent talks Visual proof of IRA decommissioning; a list of all IRA weapons destroyed; a complete end to republican paramilitary activity, and fundamental changes to the Good Friday agreement are all demands being made by the Rev.
Martha Stewart Asks Judge Jail Me Now (Reuters) Reuters - Lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said on\Wednesday she wants to serve her prison sentence for lying over\a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible so she can put her\"nightmare" behind her.
UK Shares Including HBOS Rise; Abbey National, Cadbury Fall UK shares including HBOS Plc advanced after the country #39;s fourth-biggest bank dropped out of the running for Abbey National Plc.
Update 1: JPMorgan to Rehire Outsourced Workers JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. says it will rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs it had outsourced to IBM, bucking a corporate trend in information technology.
Update 4: Alitalia Holds Crucial Talks With Unions Near-bankrupt Alitalia held crucial contract negotiations with unions representing flight attendants and ground staff Wednesday in a last-minute attempt to save the state-controlled airline from collapse.
Kerr-McGee to Cut Production at Plant Kerr-McGee Chemical LLC said Wednesday that it will stop producing titanium dioxide pigment sulfate at its Savannah, Ga., plant by the end of September, affecting a quarter of the work force there.
Jets Re-Sign Guard Brent Smith (AP) AP - The New York Jets re-signed guard Brent Smith on Wednesday, less than a week after the team cut him.
Assad and Mubarak call for total Lebanese sovereignty (AFP) AFP - Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and his Syrian counterpart, Bashar al-Assad, called for Lebanon's sovereignty to be respected, rejecting international condemnation of Damascus' interference in its smaller neighbour's politics.
Consumer watchdog hits out at iTunes pricing The Consumers #39; Association (CA) has accused Apple of taking too big a bite out of UK music lovers #39; money. It has asked the Office of Fair (OFT) to investigate the potential breach of competition law.
Mozilla Previews FireFox 1.0 (Article Central) The Mozilla Foundation is set to release a preview of FireFox 1.0, the latest version of the open source Web browser.
Bears Eyeing Playoffs After Beating Vikes (AP) AP - The day after Chad Hutchinson pumped some life into their offense and their season, the Chicago Bears were actually talking about making the playoffs  #151; despite a 5-7 record.
Vieira:  #39;We #39;ve learned a lot #39; Patrick Vieira declared Arsenal have grown up in European terms after coming of age in their hard-fought Champions League victory against PSV Eindhoven.
Oracle Shares Gain Amid Tech Decline (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of software maker Oracle Corp.\ rose as much as 8 percent in early trading on\Wednesday, a day after the company posted strong quarterly\profit fueled by steady demand for its flagship database\products.
Italy's Garbin Upsets Rubin in Indonesia (AP) AP - Italy's Tathiana Garbin upset American Chanda Rubin 6-1, 6-4 Wednesday in the first round of the Wismilak International.
Martha Stewart Asks Judge Jail Me Now  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said on  Wednesday she wants to serve her prison sentence for lying over  a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible so she can put her  "nightmare" behind her.
Industrial Output Growth Nearly Stalls  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. industrial output growth nearly  stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities  nearly swamped a solid performance in factories, a report from  the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
Dollar Rallies Vs Euro After Data Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rallied across the board on  Wednesday in a technical rebound after two U.S. economic  reports prompted dealers to unwind large bets against the  currency.
Jacques Is Back, a Day After Ralf  SILVERSTONE, England (Reuters) - Former champion Jacques  Villeneuve trumped Ralf Schumacher's return from injury with  Formula One's comeback of the year on Wednesday.
Judge Denies Bush Effort to Speed Ruling (AP) AP - A federal judge on Wednesday denied a request to force the Federal Election Commission to act on complaints by President Bush's campaign against anti-Bush groups spending millions of dollars on ads in the presidential race.
Martha Stewart Asks to Begin Sentence Martha Stewart said Wednesday she has decided to surrender for prison as soon as possible, citing the need "to put this nightmare behind me, both personally and professionally."
Three Decapitated Corpses Found North of Baghdad  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - The decapitated bodies of three  men, their heads strapped to their backs, were found dumped in  bags by a roadside north of Baghdad Wednesday, Iraqi police and  U.S. officials said.
Musharraf to retain his army post Pakistan's president is to stay on as head of the army, despite an earlier pledge to stand down by January.  
Foreigner killed in Saudi capital A foreign man is shot dead near a shopping complex in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh.
Wet weather hits Coca-Cola sales Coca-Cola, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, issues a profit warning, partly  blaming the impact of cold and wet weather in northern Europe.
Stewart Ends Appeal Effort, and Asks to Serve Sentence Soon Martha Stewart announced today that she had decided to begin her prison sentence "as soon as possible" for lying about a stock trade.
Yahoo! Tunes In to Musicmatch The portal giant rounds out its online music offerings and gets a backdoor to the desktop.
Hurricane Ivan Roars Toward Gulf Coast NEW ORLEANS - Stragglers streamed toward higher ground Wednesday on highways turned into one-way evacuation routes and pounding surf started eroding beaches as Hurricane Ivan roared toward the Gulf Coast with 135 mph wind.    Ivan could cause significant damage no matter where it strikes, as hurricane-force wind extended up to 105 miles out from the center...
Blair reveals some games 'unsuitable' for kids That's why the law already bans their sale to minors, Tony...
LogicLibrary buys bug catcher Software company plans to acquire BugScan, which makes software to automatically check for program errors.
HP grabs defense deal The deal with the Defense Logistics Agency could be worth as much as \$290 million for the computing giant.\
Tuning up for HDTV Future of television is coming into focus, revealing new vistas for the industry--but also some zits.
McCain Demands Accountability for Tanker Scandal Sen. John McCain on Monday demanded that the Pentagon turn over the e-mails of more than two dozen officials relating to a \$23.5 billion US Air Force tanker deal with Boeing Co.
Abbey exit leaves UK banks with smaller targets HBOS #39;s decision not to bid for rival Abbey Nationalleaves just smaller targets for large British banks to buy in the UK, bankers and analysts say.
Russian mishap threatens launch schedule The explosion of a small separation bolt aboard the Soyuz spaceship now being prepared for a trip to the international space station may delay that launch for five or 10 days, Russian 
Follow the PSV Eindhoven way Now, it #39;s up to the rest to follow PSV Eindhoven #39;s example of halting Arsene Wenger #39;s lean, mean and well-oiled footballing machine.
Sugiyama dumped out by tour debutante Asian number one Ai Sugiyama and last year #39;s runner-up Chanda Rubin slumped to first round defeats at the Wismilak International on Wednesday.
Ankle injury rules McNamara out for month However, he twisted it badly when trying to prevent Barca from scoring their second goal at Celtic Park. Celtic said on Wednesday the defender would be out for between four and six weeks.
Children Return to Classes in Russia Children returned to classes in this grief-stricken southern Russian town Wednesday for the first time since heavily armed militants seized more than 1,200 hostages at 
Amazon, Netflix Hit With Patent Suit British company claims four online retailers are using its patented technology.
Japan Girl Sentenced for Classmate's Death (AP) AP - A family court has sentenced an 11-year-old girl to a state-run juvenile correctional facility in eastern Japan for killing her classmate with a box-cutter, an official said Wednesday.
Poll: Kerry Holds Lead Over Bush in Minn. (AP) AP - Democratic candidate John Kerry leads President Bush, 50 percent to 41 percent, in a presidential poll of likely voters in Minnesota, according to results released Wednesday.
Stocks Lower on Coke, Oil, Goldman Survey  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday after a  profit warning from Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; fueled concern about  corporate profits and a Goldman Sachs survey showed softening  corporate spending on technology.
Silverstein: WTC Leaseholder May Collect Up To \$4.6B A page, if not a chapter, has come to closure in the long dark saga of Sept. 11, 2001. A federal jury on Monday ruled that the assault on the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center was in fact two occurrences for insurance purposes.
Briefly: LogicLibrary buys bug catcher roundup Plus: Think local, act Google...SanDisk to supply Samsung with miniSD...Hitachi unleashes 100GB notebook drives.
JPMorgan Chase cancels IBM outsourcing contract The termination of the \$5 billion deal stands in opposition to a trend toward more IT outsourcing.
Oracle Edges Past Estimates Analysts were expecting Oracle earnings of 9 cents per share with revenue of \$2.23 billion, according to Thomson First Call. New software license revenue came in at \$563 billion, meeting 
UPDATE 3-PacifiCare to buy American Medical for \$502 mln PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
HP grabs defense deal Hewlett-Packard on Wednesday said it has won a contract worth \$290 million from an agency of the US Department of Defense. Under the deal, the company will work to build a single IT infrastructure for the Defense Logistics Agency.
Borland Adds Project-Management Features To CaliberRM Borland Software Corp. announced CaliberRM 2005 this week, a product designed to help software project managers take some of the guesswork out of software development.
The 35th Ryder Cup Matches, golf #39;s premier spectacle, finally &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- Seventy-eight years ago, and a week before the 1926 British Open Championship, Samuel Ryder offered a  quot;little garden tea party, quot; featuring champagne and chicken sandwiches for 
Mourinho is back where he left off JOSE Mourinho has started his latest Champions League campaign the same way he finished the last one - as a winner -s his new club Chelsea thrashed French struggler Paris Saint 
Bonds gets another crack at 700 Barry Bonds will take another shot at hitting his 700th home run as the San Francisco Giants play the middle game of their set with the Milwaukee Brewers.
UN war crimes tribunal delays Miloevic trial by nearly a month 15 September 2004 - The United Nations war crimes tribunal for the former Yugoslavia today adjourned the already long-running genocide trial of former Yugoslav President Slobodan Miloevic again, this time for almost a month, to allow his recently 
Beslan children return to school Schools in the Russian town of Beslan reopened on Wednesday, two weeks after more than 1,000 people were taken hostage on the first day of term.
Microsoft Readies Media Center Updates Updated OS, new consumer products expected to be introduced next month.
Dogpile Search Engine Changes Name to Avoid Stink Dogpile Search Engine Changes Name to Avoid Stink\\Dogpile has changed its name to WebFetch in the UK and Europe to differentiate itself from the image of doggie doo, which the name Dogpile conjures up in the heads of more British and Europeans than it does in the US. PC Pro ...
U.K. Group Complains of Higher ITunes Cost (AP) AP - A consumer's group said Wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple's iTunes system.
Microsoft Patch to Fix Security Flaws (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. announced Tuesday it has found a new security flaw with its Windows XP operating system and warned that an attacker could infiltrate other computers by persuading their owners to open a specialized graphics file.
Martha Stewart to Judge: Jail Me Now  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said on  Wednesday she wants to start serving her prison sentence for  lying about a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible, so she  can put her "nightmare" behind her.
Officials: Tahoe Cleaner After Engine Ban (AP) AP - Lake Tahoe has seen a dramatic reduction in levels of burned and unburned gasoline products in its water since two-stroke, carburetor engines were banned in 1999, water quality officials said.
Bush and Kerry battle over science The US presidential candidates address major scientific questions put to them by the journal Nature.
Human genome hits halfway mark Four years after publishing a daft human genetic sequence, researchers reach the halfway point in producing the "gold standard" version.
A Computer With the IPod's Bloodlines Apple's new iMac G5 desktop computer was clearly designed to send a message to the world's iPod fans: "If you think our music player is great, you should check out our computers."
Survey Confirms It: Women Outjuggle Men Working women spend about twice as much time as working men on household chores and the care of children, a Labor Department study showed.
Martha Stewart to Judge: Jail Me Now Lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said on Wednesday she wants to serve her prison sentence for lying over a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible, so she can put her  quot;nightmare quot; behind her.
JPMorgan Chase cancels IBM outsourcing contract JPMorgan Chase announced on Wednesday that it will cancel its multiyear, \$5 billion outsourcing contract with IBM, bucking an industry trend that has seen IT outsourcing grow by dramatic proportions.
UPDATE 1-IMF says markets resilient, calm after rate rises The global financial system is at its most resilient since the equity bubble burst in 2001, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, despite rising 
Critical Flaws in Mozilla, Thunderbird The Mozilla Project has issued a warning for a series of  quot;highly critical quot; security holes in three of its core projects, including its flagship Firefox Web browser and the Thunderbird e-mail client.
Linux Standard gets upgrade Looking to avoid the costly fragmentation that stifled the Unix market, members of the Free Standards Group have announced a new version of a critical Linux standard that many of its proponents hope will cement the future for the open-source operating 
Adobe announces Photoshop Elements 3.0 SEPTEMBER 15, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Adobe Systems Inc. today introduced Photoshop Elements 3.0, a major upgrade to its consumer-level photo editing application.
Hitachi #39;s Travelstar notebook harddrive upgraded to 100 GByte Hitachi increased the capacity of its Travelstar notebook harddrives. The consumer-targeted 5K100 and E5K100 for enterprise applications offer up to 100 GByte 
UPDATE 1-Bangladesh win toss and field against Windies Bangladesh captain Rajin Saleh won the toss and chose to field in their Champions Trophy Pool B match against West Indies at The Rosebowl in Southampton on Wednesday.
Chelsea:  #39;No fear #39; factor in Europe IF a football team could be entered in that famous television programme Fear Factor, then Jose Mourinho would register Chelsea. Because if Chelsea are going to reach the final of the Champions League for the 
Celtic captain McNamara ruled out by injury Celtic captain Jackie McNamara will be ruled out for at least a month due to an ankle ligament damage sustained in the Scottish champions #39; 3-1 Champions League defeat to Barcelona on Tuesd ay.
Madeira trio cleared to play PORTUGUESE first division soccer side Nacional Madeira has lifted a suspension order against three of its South American players for allegedly assaulting police officers, allowing them to play in Thursday #39;s UEFA Cup match against Spanish side Sevilla.
Analysis: Turkey, adultery, and the EU For weeks Turkey has been talking frenziedly about adultery. It #39;s nothing to do with the country #39;s sexual habits. There #39;s been nothing to indicate an upsurge in infidelity.
Two killed in bomb blast south of Baghdad A car bomb has exploded in the Iraqi town of Suwayra, south of Baghdad, killing two people and wounding 10, the Interior Ministry says.
UN input into Iraqi elections threatened by  #39;lack of security #39; Following on from yesterday #39;s horrific car bombing in Baghdad which claimed the lives of 47 people, the UN has warned that a  quot;lack of security quot; is undermining the world body #39;s efforts to assist in elections set for January.
Human genome hits halfway mark Four years after publishing a draft human genetic sequence, researchers reach the halfway point in producing the "gold standard" version.
UPDATE 4-PacifiCare to buy American Medical for \$502 mln PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
Nation/world briefs NEW YORK - Hurricane Ivan held its grip on oil markets Tuesday as shutdowns of production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico and fears of storm damage drove crude prices higher.
Nokia licenses SD memory card technology, to join SDCA ESPOO, FinlandNokia Corp. has applied for membership in the SD Card Association and has signed a licensing agreement that enables the use of SD memory cards in its devices.
Dennis Semrau: Still at 699, Bonds draws mixed crowd He is a fantasy baseball general manager #39;s dream and an opposing pitcher #39;s worst nightmare. Arguably the finest player of his generation, Barry Bonds is a sure-fire Hall of Famer 
Finucane inquiry would help secure closure, says Sinn Fein Sinn Fein are prepared to  quot;face up to the challenges quot; of tomorrow #39;s talks but the creation of an independent inquiry into the murder of Pat Finucane would have gone a long way to preparing the way for final  quot;closure quot;, the party #39;s chairman has said.
Beslan rogue's gallery published A Russian newspaper shows photos of 30 corpses it says are militants responsible for the school siege in Beslan.
Ryanair may face Belgian courts Budget airline Ryanair is obliged to be taken to court under EU law if it fails to pay back illegal state aid for flying to Belgium's Charleroi airport.
Stewart  wishes to serve term now Martha Stewart, the lifestyle guru convicted of lying about the sale of shares she owned, wants to begin her five month jail sentence as soon as possible.
Five eye Sicilian bridge contract Five groups will compete for a contract to build a long-awaited bridge linking Sicily with mainland Italy, reports from Italy say.
Pet mummies given VIP treatment The recipes used by ancient Egyptians for mummifying animals were just as complicated as the ones they employed for dead people, new research suggests.
JP Morgan cancels \$5 bn outsourcing deal with IBM NEW YORK, September 15 (New Ratings) - JP Morgan Chase  amp; Company (JPM.NYS) has decided to cancel a \$5 billion IT infrastructure outsourcing agreement with International Business Machines Corporation (IBM), and plans to rehire about 4,000 employees 
EU, US brace for turbulence at Boeing-Airbus talks BRUSSELS : The United States wants Europe to end all future government support for Boeing #39;s arch-rival in commercial plane-making, Airbus Industrie, or face legal action, a senior official said.
Wall St. Journal sets Saturday edition The Wall Street Journal said it will begin publishing a long-discussed Saturday edition, beginning in September of next year. The Journal said its Weekend Edition will be delivered at no additional charge 
Gap Aims at Women Over 35 for New Store Gap Inc. (GPS) on Wednesday said it would test a new store concept next year aimed at women over age 35, and named Gap brand President Gary Muto to oversee the development.
Internet Group Shelves Microsoft Sender ID The Internet Engineering Task Force has raised concerns about Microsoft #39;s Sender ID anti-spam technolgy as an industry standard.
WRAPUP 1-Windies, Pakistan hammer home class gap The ICC Champions trophy ended its own version of the  quot;phony war quot; on Wednesday with comfortable victories for Pakistan and West Indies.
Rolyal Blues Cut Heynckes Loose With but three points from their first four league matches, Schalke 04 have axed coach Jupp Heynckes on the eve of their Uefa Cup opener against Metalurgs Donetsk.
Lighting Strikes High School Football Team, 40 Injured GRAPELAND, Texas -- At least one player is badly injured and others are hospitalized after lightning struck an East Texas high school football team.
Arab-Israeli team seeking to break through boundaries In the violent and volatile world of Israeli-Palestinian relations, a football club Bnei Sakhnin has become a beacon of some hope.
Quotes From Stewart #39;s News Conference  quot;I have decided to serve my sentence now to put this behind me, and get on with my life and living as soon as possible. quot; -Stewart.
Update 1: EU Clears Banco Santander Acquisition The European Union on Wednesday cleared Banco Santander Central Hispano SA #39;s acquisition of British bank Abbey National PLC for about \$14.
Lion gets premium for China venture MELBOURNE - Lion Nathan will pursue growth in its domestic market after selling its loss-making China business. Lion Nathan incoming chief executive Rob Murray, who takes over on October 1, said the company 
JP Morgan Cancels IBM Pact JP Morgan Chase (JPM:NYSE - news - research) and IBM (IBM:NYSE - news - research) are getting a divorce, ending a \$5 billion computer outsourcing deal just two years after it began.
Dow Jones to Publish Weekend Wall Street Journal Dow Jones  amp; Co. Inc. on Wednesday said it would start publishing a weekend version of its Wall Street Journal business newspaper, and that the move would be modestly dilutive to its 2005 earnings.
Volkswagen, Union Make No Progress in First Wage Negotiation Volkswagen AG, Europe #39;s largest carmaker, and the IG Metall union said they made no progress in their first negotiating session on a new contract and it will be difficult to reach an accord.
UK Group Complains of Higher ITunes Cost A consumer #39;s group said Wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple #39;s iTunes system.
Siemens SF65 to turn heads The German handset maker joins the ranks of swivel-inducing manufacturers with its new SF65, a megapixel-toting mobile phone with a clamshell design.
Collaboration platform extends to Web services Cordys, Inc. of Scotland, an integration and collaboration software vendor, announced today the availability of a new Web services platform.
Adriano Knows Inter Can Improve Inter Milan brace ace Adriano says that, despite a 2-0 victory over Bundesliga holders Werder Bremen on Tuesday, the San Siro side have yet to reach optimum form.
McKenzie returns to Green Bay  quot;Mike McKenzie is back here to play for the Packers, and that is where we are right now. We will take it one day at a time, quot; coach and general manager Mike Sherman said Wednesday.
Tennis: 3 Seeded Players Knocked Out of Wismilak Tournament Three seeded players have been knocked out of the first round of the Wismilak International tennis tournament in Nusa Dua, Indonesia, with third seed Ai Sugiyama leading the way.
Milwaukee Brewers Team Report - September 15 (Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Brewers continue a three-game series against Barry Bonds and the San Francisco Giants tonight at Miller Park.
Foreign National Shot Dead in Saudi Capital The Saudi Interior Ministry identified the foreigner as a Briton, and said he was killed Wednesday in a parking lot at a shopping center in eastern Riyadh.
Milosevic trial postponed The war crimes trial of Slobodan Milosevic is being put on hold for a month -- to give the former Yugoslav president #39;s court-assigned lawyers time to prepare a defense.
Stewart Asks to Serve Sentence Soon artha Stewart, saying that she wanted to  quot;reclaim her life, quot; announced today that she would surrender to prison authorities to begin her jail term as soon as possible instead of waiting for the outcome of an appeal of her case.
JP Morgan KOs \$5 Bln IBM Outsourcing Deal JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. (JPM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , said on Wednesday it was scrapping a \$5 billion outsourcing deal with IBM Corp.
PIMCO Adviser in \$20 Mln SEC Settlement The PIMCO mutual fund group #39;s adviser and two affiliates will pay more than \$20 million to settle charges involving failure to disclose payments made to brokers for 
Mozilla #39;s Firefox, the Next Big Browser? Gartner analyst David Smith told LinuxInsider that many of those who switch from dominant browser Internet Explorer do so because of security concerns.
Chechen envoy urges Putin to hold peace talks Chechen envoy Akhmed Zakaev on Tuesday urged Vladimir Putin, the Russian president, to hold peace talks or risk provoking further atrocities following the Beslan massacre.
NHL to Lock Out Players Thursday (AP) AP - The NHL will lock out its players Thursday, starting a work stoppage that threatens to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season.
Amazon Launches A9 Web Search Service (Reuters) Reuters - Amazon.com Inc.  unit\A9.com on Wednesday unveiled the new version of its Web search\service, the latest salvo in the cut-throat sector dominated by\Amazon partner -- and rival -- Google Inc. .
Report: China Firm Plans 3,000 Net Cafes (AP) AP - China's second-largest mobile phone company plans to open 3,000 Internet cafes by the end of the year, exerting stronger state control over a sector once dominated by private enterprise, state-run radio reported Tuesday.
Nets waive veteran guard Harris (AFP) AFP - The National Basketball Association's New Jersey Nets waived 33-year-old guard Lucious Harris, whose 54 playoff games with the team tied the most in club history.
Russia Combines Oil and Gas (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - The invention of the American depositary receipt (ADR) was both a boon and a curse to U.S. investors. On the one hand, when foreign companies list their shares on U.S. exchanges, they make it a heck of a lot easier for the average investor to buy a piece of Nokia (NYSE: NOK - News), Cable  amp; Wireless (NYSE: CWP - News), or SAP AG (NYSE: SAP - News) than it would have been if she had to figure out how to buy shares on the Helsinki, London, or Munich stock exchanges. But on the other hand, there are the -- to put it politely -- "inefficiencies" of buying ADRs.
US vows to push Sudan resolution despite opposition (AFP) AFP - The United States said it will push for a vote on its UN resolution on the bloodshed in Sudan's Darfur region, and offered strong words in the face of a possible veto from China.
Marshall Coach Apologizes for Remark (AP) AP - Marshall coach Bob Pruett will not be reprimanded for calling the Ohio State football team "a bunch of Mandingos," a comment some thought could be offensive to blacks.
JP Morgan KOs  #36;5 Bln IBM Outsourcing Deal (Reuters) Reuters - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. , said\on Wednesday it was scrapping a  #36;5 billion outsourcing deal\with IBM Corp., amid an overall plan to manage more of\its own technology services.
Industrial Output Growth Nearly Stalls  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. industrial output growth nearly  stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities  nearly swamped a strong performance at factories, a report from  the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
JP Morgan KOs \$5 Bln IBM Outsourcing Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt;, said  on Wednesday it was scrapping a \$5 billion outsourcing deal  with IBM Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt;, amid an overall plan to manage more of  its own technology services.
Is She or Isn't She? Panda Gives Keepers the Runaround (Reuters) Reuters - A 20-year-old giant panda and mother of\13, including four sets of twins, has been giving her keepers\the runaround, pretending to be expecting yet again.
FDA OKs Some Heart Failure Therapies  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cardiovascular device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday U.S. regulators cleared the use  of its implantable heart failure therapies for a wider group of  patients.
UK OKs Taser Stun Guns for Some Police  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of stun gun maker Taser  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt; soared on Wednesday after the  United Kingdom, which does not allow most police to carry guns,  said it approved use of its stun guns for some officers.
Five Stocks With Outstanding Returns Outstanding ROIC and market-beating performance go hand-in-hand for these stocks.
Stewart Asks to Serve Sentence Soon NEW YORK - Millionaire executive Martha Stewart announced Wednesday that she had decided to begin her prison sentence for lying about a stock trade as soon as possible. "I must reclaim my good life," she said, adding she hoped to be home in time to plant a spring garden...
NHL to Lock Out Players Thursday NEW YORK - The NHL will lock out its players Thursday, starting a work stoppage that threatens to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season.    The long-expected decision was confirmed by NHL owners Wednesday following a meeting in New York...
Stocks Sag on Coke's Gloomy Forecast NEW YORK - Stocks sagged Wednesday after beverage giant Coca-Cola Co. issued a gloomy forecast, and a lower-than-expected reading on industrial production for August threw the nation's broader economic outlook into question...
Three Bodies Found Headless Found in Iraq Security forces discovered three beheaded bodies Wednesday on a road north of Baghdad, and a car bomb exploded in a town south of the capital, killing two people amid a surge of violence that has left more than 200 dead in the past four days.
Novell takes potshot at Microsoft kettle Earlier this week, Novell boss Jack Messman lambasted Microsoft for being a \$60bn drain on the IT industry. His assertion is that Bill Gates et al have set back the evolution of the whole industry by gobbling 
Werder Bremen #39;s Ismael claims unwanted record MILAN September 15 (SW) - Werder Bremens Valerian Ismael earned himself an unenviable place in Champions League record books after only five minutes of his teams 2-0 defeat at Inter when the French defender became the recipient of the fastest 
 #39;Batman #39; of Buckingham Palace dumped by his lover!: World News London, Sep.15 : Days after father #39;s right campaigner Jason Hatch spent five hours at Buckingham Palace ledge dressed as Batman, he has been dumped by girlfriend Gemma Polson, because he himslef doesn #39;t have time for their daughter.
Chipmakers on the chopping block? Study predicts that industry demands will crush 40 percent of today's semiconductor manufacturers.
Adobe expands push for video, photo hobbyists The company releases new applications aimed at amateur photographers and video shooters.
Man pleads guilty in massive credit info theft case A man charged in one of the largest identity theft scams in U.S. history pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy, wire fraud, and fraud in connection with identity documents Tuesday and could face up to 50 years in prison, according to a statement from U.S. Attorney David Kelley, of the Southern District of New York.
JP Morgan cancels \$5B outsourcing deal with IBM NEW YORK - IBM Corp. lost one of its highest-profile outsourced-IT clients on Wednesday, as JPMorgan Chase   Co. said it is canceling the remaining portion of a contract that was intended as a seven-year, \$5 billion deal.
OPEC boosting oil output by million barrels a day by Nov. 1 to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OPEC will increase its official oil production target by one million barrels a day later this year in a move widely viewed as more symbolic than significant, given that the cartel has been exceeding the new output limit all year.
Cendant To Complete Purchase Of Ramada Brand SEPTEMBER 15, 2004 -- The Cendant Hotel Group today announced that it will acquire the Ramada International Hotels and Resorts brand from Marriott International.
Amazon Launches A9 Web Search Service Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN.O: Quote, Profile, Research) unit A9.com on Wednesday unveiled the new version of its Web search service, the latest salvo in the cut-throat sector dominated by Amazon partner -- and rival -- Google Inc.
FDA OKs Some Heart Failure Therapies Cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. (GDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday US regulators cleared the use of its implantable heart failure therapies for a wider group of patients.
Adobe expands push for video, photo hobbyists com September 15, 2004, 11:03 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
From tiny acorns... It was far from vintage Arsenal. The swagger and confidence of the opening month of the Premiership campaign was some distance away, but most importantly they began their Champions League campaign with three points.
Ryder Cup highlights PGA #39;s charity and school outreach program On behalf of the 2004 US Ryder Cup Team, The PGA of America will distribute another \$2.6 million to player-designated charities as well as to the colleges and universities of their choice to help fund the  quot;Golf: For Business and Life Program.
Row erupts as Spain #39;s Aznar to appear before March 11 inquiry MADRID : A row erupted in Spain as members of the parliamentary inquiry into the March 11 Madrid train bombings voted to call former Spanish prime minister Jose Maria Aznar as a witness.
First impressions of Firefox 1.0 preview release First impressions of Firefox 1.0 preview release\\Firefox is my second choice for a web browser. Opera comes first. No doubts about that. But Firefox in itself is a pretty decent browser. My requirement from a browser has risen with my long time usage of Opera so I just cannot move ...
Immigration, police share data in trawl of 'crime hot-spots' Pretext  databases  mobile terminals. Yum.
Livewire: Back to School Means Back to Advergames (Reuters) Reuters - Back to school for many kids means\"back to Internet access" in classes where the best of\filtering software is not foolproof, particularly against\seemingly harmless Web sites used for invasive marketing.
NHL Lockout at a Glance (AP) AP - The NHL said Wednesday it was imposing a lockout of the players association, effective Thursday  #151; the day after the expiration of the current collective bargaining agreement.
Owners Lock Out Players in Labor Dispute  TORONTO (Reuters) - NHL owners carried out their threat to  lock out players on Wednesday, shutting down the league after  the two sides failed to reach a new labor deal.
Exhausting Every Option A coalition of high-tech companies plays its latest gambit on trying to declaw options expensing.
Livewire: Back to School Means Back to Advergames  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Back to school for many kids means  "back to Internet access" in classes where the best of  filtering software is not foolproof, particularly against  seemingly harmless Web sites used for invasive marketing.
Boeing CEO pushes for halt to Airbus subsidies CHICAGO Boeing CEO Harry Stonecipher (STOHN #39;-sy-fer) stepped up his attack today on subsidies for Airbus on the eve of a US-European Union trade meeting.
Candidates Split on Stem Cells, Environment President Bush defended restrictions on stem-cell research on Wednesday and reaffirmed support for nuclear-arms development, but Democratic challenger John Kerry accused Bush of putting ideology over science.
Dealing with botched software projects Borland Software this week stood atop its soapbox preaching the evils of software projects gone awry, with projects beset by issues such as last-minute changes and differing perspectives on the potential success of development efforts.
Siemens SF65 Mobile Phone Digital Camera Siemens today unveiled the SF65 clamshell style mobile phone with a 1.3 megapixel camera, flash and four times zoom. The swivel style top end has a 16-bit internal colour display with a resolution of 128 x 160 pixels, and on the flip side the camera lens.
Golf: Europe go on charm offensive as Mickelson takes a day off BLOOMFIELD HILLS, United States : As Europe went on a charm offensive to win over the American fans, US captain Hal Sutton was coming to terms with Phil Mickelson #39;s decision not to practice.
Mets to fire Howe at the end of the season The New York Mets will make manager Art Howe the first casualty of their dismal 2004 campaign. The Mets officially announced Wednesday that Howe will be relieved of his duties when the season comes to a close 
McKenzie Back With Pack GREEN BAY, Wis -- Packers coach and general manager Mike Sherman said Wednesday that cornerback Mike McKenzie will practice with the team.
Backup guard helps Nets win East twice New Jersey Nets: Backup guard Lucious Harris, who played a big part in helping the Nets win two Eastern Division titles, was waived Wednesday.
Killing of 10 Palestinians  quot;a great unforgivable crime quot;: Arafat Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat described the killing of 10 Palestinians by Israeli soldiers in the northern West Bank towns of Nablus and Jenin on Wednesday as  quot;a great unforgivable crime.
Anwar fails to erase criminal record Malaysian rebel politician Anwar Ibrahim failed yesterday in a final court bid to erase his criminal record and to immediately rejoin active politics, leaving a royal pardon as his only way back.
Infocus: Examining a Public Exploit, Part 2 The purpose of this article is to analyze a public exploit in a lab environment, see the alerts generated by an intrusion detection system, and then do some packet analysis of the malicious binary in order to better understand what it does and how you may have been compromised. Part 2 of 2.
Inquiry finds "no single villain" in Scottish parliament cost overrun (AFP) AFP - An inquiry found  quot;no single villain quot; responsible for the cost overruns at Scotland's new parliament building which opened last week three years late and 10 times over budget.
Blackhawks Re-Sign Goalie Leighton (AP) AP - The Chicago Blackhawks re-signed goaltender Michael Leighton to a one-year contract Wednesday.
Martha Stewart to Judge: Jail Me Now  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Homemaking icon Martha Stewart on  Wednesday said she wants to start serving her jail sentence for  lying about a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible, so she  can put her "nightmare" behind her and be home in time to plant  her garden for spring.
Mickelson Skips Ryder Cup Fever by Taking Day Off  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Twenty-three Ryder  Cup players went to work on their games on Wednesday at Oakland  Hills but one of the American trump cards was not among them.
Chile's Pinochet Hospitalized with Infection  SANTIAGO, Chile (Reuters) - Former Chilean dictator Augusto  Pinochet was hospitalized in Santiago on Wednesday with acute  respiratory infection.
Diplomats: Europeans, U.S. Closer to Iran Nuke Deal  VIENNA (Reuters) - U.S. and European negotiators moved  closer to a deal on a resolution on Iran's nuclear program that  could trigger a November showdown, Western diplomats close to  the talks said Wednesday.
It's Not Exclusive, but It's Lucrative: Why Luxe Went Online Class has been transformed by technology and a consumer who is as well informed as she is impatient to have the latest gaud.
Is Amazon's A9 Benign? Search junkies can be psyched for a cool site, but will some features backfire?
Another Case for OracleSoft A blowout quarter is sullied by lower applications revenue, strengthening the case for a deal for PeopleSoft.
UPDATE 3-TXU says management looking at dividend policy TXU Corp. (TXU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) management is deciding whether to recommend that its board reevaluate the utility #39;s common stock dividend, which was 
Gap plans new stores aimed at women over 35 San Francisco retailer Gap Inc. said Wednesday it will test a type of store next year for women over 35. The retailer says it will open as many as 10 new stores in two regions in the second half of 2005.
KSC cleans up, reopens After spending nearly 10 days cleaning up from the relentless pounding of Hurricane Frances, NASA #39;s Kennedy Space Center reopened Monday to all 14,000 employees.
NHL Lockout at a glance The NHL said Wednesday it was imposing a lockout of the players association, effective Thursday -- the day after the expiration of the current collective bargaining agreement.
FIFA Announces New Dates for Kenya #39;s Qualifying Matches The International Football Federation has announced new dates for Kenya #39;s three qualifying matches for the 2006 World Cup tournament in Germany.
UN Reports Mixed Progress in Fight for Sexual Health The United Nations says there has been some progress in improving sexual health and combating poverty around the world, but more funds are needed to meet goals the international community set 10 years ago.
World Bank in Caribbean to Assess Damage from Ivan The president of the World Bank says his staff is in the Caribbean to assess the damage caused there by Hurricane Ivan, and to ensure that the international financial community provides swift and coordinated relief.
Dodgers' Beltre Making Bid for MVP (AP) AP - Fans chant "MVP! MVP!" when Adrian Beltre comes to the plate late in games.
NFL Fines Broncos' Lynch for Hit on Hall (AP) AP - The NFL fined Broncos safety John Lynch  #36;7,500 on Wednesday for a hit he made against Chiefs receiver Dante Hall in the season opener.
Royals' Stairs Signs Contract Extension (AP) AP - Kansas City outfielder Matt Stairs signed a one-year contract extension Wednesday that will keep him under contract with the Royals through 2005.
Microsoft Not Trying To Hijack Anti-Spam Spec (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - The Internet Engineering Task Force, an organization devoted to \establishing standards for Internet architecture, has raised concerns \about Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Sender ID anti-spam technology as a technical \standard.
PlaylistMag.com iTunes, iPod Web site launches (MacCentral) MacCentral - PlaylistMag.com launched this week as a resource for digital music enthusisasts using a Mac or Windows operating systems. Edited by Christopher Breen, a Macworld columnist and author of the popular book Secrets of the iPod, PlaylistMag.com will feature free music downloads, playlists from musicians and celebrities, and a community forum where users can share their tips, tricks and even their own playlists with other digital music fans.
Sport-By-Sport Stoppages Chronology (AP) AP - March 31  #151; Player representatives of the Major League Baseball Players Association, in a 47-0 vote, authorize a strike to begin April 1. All 12 exhibition games for that day are canceled.
Oracle Earnings Beat Analyst Forecasts (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Oracle (Nasdaq: ORCL), the world's second-largest software vendor, has beaten Wall Street analysts' expectations with its first-quarter results, due to strong sales of its \database software.
Hidden Costs of Online CRM - Part 2 (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Its cost is low, it delivers enterprise-level functionality, and it spares a company the ordeal of a time-consuming implementation project.
Some Voters Cast Ballots Before Election Day (Reuters) Reuters - Election day may be in November, but\some Americans will start casting ballots next week under early\voting laws that have reshaped the campaign landscape and\changed the most fundamental act of democracy.
World Bank Gives Peru Loan to Protect Machu Picchu (Reuters) Reuters - The World Bank said on Wednesday it\will lend Peru  #36;5 million to help preserve the country's\best-known cultural sites, including Machu Picchu and the\Sacred Valley of the Incas.
Israel Kills 10 People, Says Not Following Roadmap  JENIN, West Bank (Reuters) - Raiding Israeli forces killed  six Palestinian militants and four civilians on Wednesday, the  highest single-day Palestinian death toll in the West Bank for  more than two years, witnesses and medics said.
Pakistan President to Stay as Army Chief -Minister  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf  will stay on as chief of the army staff beyond the date he  promised to give up the post, the information minister said on  Wednesday.
Taiwan President Makes Personal Appeal for UN Seat  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian  made his case for U.N. membership in an unusual satellite news  conference on Wednesday, saying his country was the victim of  "political apartheid" engineered by China.
Martha to judge: Send me to jail ASAP A tearful Martha Stewart announced today that she wants to begin serving her five-month prison sentence immediately so she can get back to  quot;life and living quot; as soon as possible.
Bridgeway, Founder Settle SEC #39;s Claims Mutual-fund adviser Bridgeway Capital Management Inc. and its president, James Montgomery, have agreed to pay almost \$5.2 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges of illegally overcharging 
Industrial Output Growth Nearly Stalls US industrial output growth nearly stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities nearly swamped a strong performance at factories, a report from the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
UPDATE 1-Taser says some UK police approved for stun guns Shares of stun gun maker Taser International Inc. (TASR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) soared on Wednesday after the United Kingdom, which does 
German chipmaker Infineon to pay 160 million dollar antitrust fine WASHINGTON : German microchip giant Infineon Technologies agreed to plead guilty and to pay a 160 million dollar fine for participating in  quot;an international conspiracy to fix prices quot; US officials said.
Scientists map Chromosome 5 GENETICS experts reported today that they had mapped Chromosome 5 of the human genome, a coil of DNA linked to several rare but crippling disorders including spinal muscular atrophy.
Notebooks Store More: Hitachi Releases 100-Gigabyte Notebook Hard &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hitachi Global Storage Technologies was founded in 2003 as a result of the strategic combination of Hitachis and IBMs storage technology businesses.
Sony CLIE PEG-VZ90 Preview Infosyncworld has a preview of Sony #39;s new CLIE PEG-VZ90 PDA which features an OLED display.  quot; Its first new handheld is the CLIE PEG-VZ90, which also manages to take the crown as the first mainstream handheld 
Beware India, Pakistan are on fire BIRMINGHAM, Sep 15: Pakistan sent a stern signal to the Indian camp as they thrashed Kenya by seven wickets in their first league match here on Wednesday.
Marlins #39; Burnett to miss next start Florida Marlins right-hander AJ Burnett will miss his next scheduled start because of elbow inflammation, an ailment that could hurt the team #39;s chances in the NL wild-card race.
US Says Israel Still Following Peace  #39;Road Map #39; The White House insisted on Wednesday that Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is committed to the US-backed road map Middle East peace plan, despite his comments in a newspaper interview that suggested otherwise.
Briton shot dead in Saudi capital Three suspected Muslim militants have gunned down a British man in the Saudi capital Riyadh, security sources and diplomats say. They said the gunmen, driving past in a car, shot the man 
Putin #39;s power grab We have long maintained ambivalence toward Russian President Vladimir Putin. On the one hand, he is trying to pull his backward nation out of decades of communism-spawned doldrums to a take a leading place in the democratic world.
Americans Sentenced in Afghan Torture KABUL, Afghanistan - Three Americans - led by a former Green Beret who boasted he had Pentagon support - were found guilty Wednesday of torturing Afghans in a private jail and were sentenced to prison.    After a 7 1/2-hour session in a stuffy Kabul courtroom, the three-judge panel was unanimous in convicting the former soldier, Jonathan Idema, and his right-hand man, Brent Bennett, on charges of entering Afghanistan illegally, making illegal arrests, establishing a private jail and torturing their captives...
Britain Lawmakers Seek Security Review LONDON - In the second major security breach in London this week, five fox hunting enthusiasts stormed onto the floor of the House of Commons Wednesday to disrupt a debate on banning the centuries-old sport.    Guards hustled the men away, but the incident showed - as did the man dressed as Batman who scaled the walls of Buckingham Palace on Monday - the vulnerability of Britain's seats of power...
Abbas visits Damascus today to end tension, meets with Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Palestinian delegation headed by the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization PLO Mahmoud Abbas is to start a visit to Syria today.
Suspended Hokies Tailback Enters Plea (AP) AP - Suspended Virginia Tech tailback Mike Imoh on Wednesday accepted the same agreement as quarterback Marcus Vick and pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge stemming from a night of drinking with underage girls.
Diplomatic storm after South Africa recognizes Western Sahara republic (AFP) AFP - South Africa formally recognized the pro-independence government in the annexed Moroccan territory of Western Sahara, prompting Rabat to recall its ambassador from Pretoria in protest.
Kerry Courts Blacks, Hispanics With Ads (AP) AP - John Kerry and his allies are intensifying their efforts to reach out to blacks and Hispanics with waves of new advertisements meant to energize two groups that historically side with the Democratic Party.
Martha Stewart Asks to Get Jail Over With  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Homemaking icon Martha Stewart on  Wednesday said she wants to start serving her jail sentence for  lying about a suspicious stock sale as soon as possible, so she  can put her "nightmare" behind her and be home in time to plant  her garden for spring.
Kerry Film Not Meant to Combat Attack Ads-Director (Reuters) Reuters - Director George Butler says he hasn't\seen the ads that attack U.S. presidential hopeful John Kerry's\record in Vietnam, noting that his documentary "Going Upriver:\The Long War of John Kerry," was well under way before the\commercials were first aired.
Stocks End Lower After Coca-Cola Warning  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks declined on Wednesday  after a profit warning from Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; renewed worry  about corporate profits and a downgrade of the technology  sector by Goldman Sachs weighed on markets.
Treasuries Slip as NY Factories Rebound  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices sagged on  Wednesday as a rebound in regional manufacturing stoked  speculation the sector as a whole could be doing better.
U.N. Hopeful Iraqi Elections on Schedule (AP) AP - The United Nations is hopeful elections in Iraq can be held on schedule in January 2005 despite escalating violence  #151; but the level of U.N. electoral assistance will depend on security, the top U.N. envoy to Iraq says.
FDA Widens Heart Failure Therapy Pool  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Cardiovascular device maker Guidant  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday U.S. regulators cleared the use  of its implantable heart failure therapies for a wider group of  patients.
UK OKs Taser Stun Guns for Some Police  NEW YORK/LONDON (Reuters) - The shares of stun gun maker  Taser International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt; soared on Wednesday after the  United Kingdom, which does not allow most police to carry guns,  said it approved use of its stun guns for some officers.
World in Brief The world must do far more to reduce greenhouse gases than merely meet the targets set in 1998 at the Kyoto environmental conference in Japan, Australias environment minister says.
Update 2: EU Is Willing to Cut Airbus Subsidies The European Union said Tuesday it will accept cuts in subsidies for Airbus Industries only if Washington reduces aid for its main trans-Atlantic competitor, Boeing Co.
Kerr-McGee to trim 100 jobs at Savannah facility OKLAHOMA CITY - Kerr-McGee Corp. plans to shut down its Savannah, Ga., pigment sulfate production, resulting in charges of \$75 million to \$85 million in the third quarter.
Infineon to plead guilty in memory chip case Germany #39;s Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty to charges of price-fixing and pay a \$160 million fine as part of a US investigation into the computer-memory chip industry, US antitrust authorities said Wednesday.
Microsoft warns of critical vulnerability in JPEG images In its September security bulletin Microsoft has highlighted a  #39;critical #39; vulnerability in the processing of JPEG images across a huge swathe of its software products.
The New iMac: simpler, more user-friendly THE LATEST version of Apple #39;s iMac wowed Paris , but it takes its cues from the 1980s. Apple looked to the past to find the future of its iconic iMac desktop computer, the latest version of which was unveiled recently in Paris.
IBM Expands RFID Services IBM (Quote, Chart) has launched a suite of RFID (define) services for mid-market businesses and industrial sectors. The new services are geared for companies that typically employ 1,000 workers or less.
Scientists Recover Critical Genesis Parts NASA scientists said they have recovered some critical pieces of the Genesis space capsule intact and are optimistic the wreckage will yield valuable 
Cisco joins WiMax Forum com September 15, 2004, 12:36 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
NHL Owners Will Lock Out Players in Contract Dispute (Update1) National Hockey League owners authorized a lockout of players after the sides failed to agree on a new labor contract, resulting in the league #39;s first work stoppage in 10 years.
Sauber confirm Villeneuve Villeneuve has been looking to find a way back since he lost his drive at BAR, and after Renault confirmed he would be testing for them at Silverstone this week with a possibility of completing the season following Jarno Trullis releases, Sauber have 
Ricky slams Kiwi  #39;myth #39; RICKY PONTING believes cricket watchers have fallen for the  quot;myth quot; that New Zealand know the secret to rattling Australia ahead of tonight #39;s sudden-death Champions Trophy clash at The Oval.
Phillies 9, Reds 1 Brett Myers pitched six solid innings and drove in the go-ahead run as the Philadelphia Phillies salvaged the final game of their three-game series against the Cincinnati Reds with a 9-1 win Wednesday afternoon.
Rebuilding plan taking hold at IU In recent years, Big Ten football teams such as Michigan, Michigan State and Wisconsin have trekked to the University of Oregon #39;s Autzen Stadium.
Iranian Freeze on Uranium About to End A senior Iranian envoy suggested Wednesday that Tehran #39;s partial yearlong freeze on uranium enrichment is about to end, shrugging off US and European pressure to renounce 
REWARD OFFERED FOR JI SUSPECTS The Indonesian government has posted cash rewards for information leading to the arrests of two top Malaysian suspects and others responsible for last weeks Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta.
Stewart Says She Wants to Begin Her Prison Term Soon (Update7) Martha Stewart, saying she wanted to put this nightmare behind me, #39; #39; will begin serving a five-month prison term while she appeals her conviction for obstructing justice.
Oil stocks slide as Ivan approaches DALLAS (CBS.MW) -- Oil stocks continued to sink in Wednesday afternoon trading as Hurricane Ivan forced widespread production shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico, but service shares rallied after reports of significant declines in crude supplies.
Genesis wreck still promises data Genesis Principal Investigator and Lead Scientist Dr. Don Burnett examines material recovered from the Genesis impact site. Inset: Shattered contents of the craft #39;s science canister.
Ignored endangered species THE GLOBAL extinction crisis ignores thousands of affiliated species that are also at risk of being wiped out, making the list of endangered species much larger and more serious than originally thought, says a study produced in part at the University of 
McKenzie reports for duty The holdout cornerback met with Packers coach/general manager Mike Sherman on Wednesday morning and reported for duty after missing the off-season minicamps, training camp and the first regular-season game.
China Threatens to Veto UN Darfur Draft -Diplomats (Reuters) Reuters - China is threatening to veto a\revised U.S. draft resolution that would consider U.N.\sanctions against Sudan's oil industry if Khartoum does not\rein in marauding militia fighters in its Darfur region,\diplomats reported on Wednesday.
Pakistan President to stay as army chief - minister (Reuters) Reuters - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf will stay on as chief of the army staff beyond the date he promised to give up the post, the information minister said on Wednesday.
Coca-Cola Warns on Profit, Shares Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;, amid signs that  is it losing market share to arch rival Pepsi, on Wednesday  warned that profit would lag Wall Street expectations for the  rest of the year because of weakness in key markets and said  there was no quick fix for its problems.
House Drops Debate on Cuba Travel Ban (Reuters) Reuters - A measure that would end the U.S.\ban on travel to Cuba was dropped on Wednesday by its chief\House of Representatives sponsor, who said he could not get\"meaningful debate" in an election year on legislation that has\attracted bipartisan support for several years.
Inventor Develops Nose-Steered Web Surfing System (Reuters) Reuters - Has the era of hands-free Web surfing\arrived?
China Threatens to Veto UN Darfur Draft -Diplomats  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - China is threatening to veto a  revised U.S. draft resolution that would consider U.N.  sanctions against Sudan's oil industry if Khartoum does not  rein in marauding militia fighters in its Darfur region,  diplomats reported on Wednesday.
Mexicans Lukewarm on Fox Call for Nationalist Show  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - A government call for Mexicans to  show unity by singing the national anthem en masse met a tepid  response on Wednesday in another embarrassment for President  Vicente Fox.
Stocks Slump on Gloomy Economic Forecasts NEW YORK - Stocks sagged Wednesday after Coca-Cola Co. and several other companies issued gloomy forecasts, and a lower-than-expected reading on industrial production for August threw the nation's broader economic outlook into question...
Firm, founder agree to pay more than \$5 mln BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Bridgeway Capital Management and its president, lauded for practices that benefit mutual fund shareholders, have agreed to pay more than \$5 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges that the firm overcharged investors 
Wikipedia's Emergent People fail to impress readers &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; No sympathy for the fiddlers
Egyptian Animals Were Mummified Same Way as Humans The team examined samples from four animal mummiestwo hawks, a cat, and an ibisdating from 818 BC to 343 BC The mummies are housed in the collection of the Liverpool Museum in Liverpool, England.
SI.com CINCINNATI (Ticker) -- Brett Myers continued his recent surge to help the Philadelphia Phillies avoid a rare sweep by the Cincinnati Reds .
Peace Talks for Sudan #39;s Darfur Collapse Sudan #39;s rebels and government broke off internationally brokered peace talks for the bloodied Darfur region Wednesday after three weeks with little progress and no deal.
Close US-Australia Ties Could Be In for a Jolt After the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, Australia #39;s Prime Minister John Howard told the US Congress,  quot;America has no better friend anywhere in the world than Australia.
Some People Manage to Stay Thin in a Fat World In most of western Europe, easily more than half the adults are overweight, and in the United States two-thirds are fat. Why, then, are some able to stay thin in such an environment? The answer is complex and not the same for everyone.
India Leads World in HIV Cases By RAJESH MAHAPATRA    NEW DELHI (AP) -- India has the world's largest number of HIV-infected people, the head of a top international AIDS-fighting fund said Wednesday, dismissing official figures.    "I don't believe in the official statistics...
Microsoft exec takes aim at open source New platform chief, Ashim Pal, says software giant has been on the defensive against Linux and other rivals.
SAP sets up support center in China The enterprise-software company looks to better serve its 4,200 Asia-Pacific customers, as well as customers worldwide.
Infineon to admit DRAM price fixing U.S. government announces company's agreement to plead guilty, pay \$160 million fine.
Regulators Debate Broadband by Power Lines Light regulation will encourage this alternative form of high-speed Net access.
American Medical to be purchased for \$502 million PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. has agreed to pay \$502 million to buy all outstanding shares of common stock of Green Bay-based American Medical Security Group Inc.
Infineon to admit DRAM price fixing update Infineon Technologies will plead guilty to taking part in an international DRAM price-fixing conspiracy, which affected such companies as Dell, Hewlett-Packard and Apple, the US Department of Justice announced Wednesday.
First impressions of Firefox 1.0 preview release Firefox is my second choice for a web browser. Opera comes first. No doubts about that. But Firefox in itself is a pretty decent browser.
New GNOME Released The GNOME Foundation today released the latest evolution of its widely used Linux desktop GNOME version 2.8. The new release adds some significant new features and further expands the usability of the Linux desktop.
Pakistan beat Kenya, set up exciting clash with India: Sports India, Cricket Birmingham, Sep 15 : Pakistan Wednesday steamrolled minnows Kenya by seven wickets in a Pool C match of the Champions Trophy at Edgbaston to set up an exciting and decisive clash with India Sunday.
Iraqi police make gruesome discovery in Baiji BBaiji - Three decapitated bodies were found north of Baghdad on Wednesday and are believed to be the corpses of foreigners, Iraqi security forces said.
Hunt supporters storm British parliament, but ban moves closer (AFP) AFP - Supporters of fox hunting stormed Britain's parliament and scuffled with police at a mass rally, but failed to prevent lawmakers from moving closer to a ban of the blood sport.
Carnie Wilson Says She's Pregnant (AP) AP - Carnie Wilson, whose gastric bypass surgery five years ago was broadcast on the Internet, is expecting her first child.
Taiwan launches another bid to join UN (AFP) AFP - Taiwan launched its latest bid to join the United Nations in dramatic fashion -- not with a knock on UN doors but in a message beamed through outer space.
AT T Wireless to Offer Phoneless Messaging (AP) AP - In a detour from the cellular industry's rush toward tricked out smart phones, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. may introduce a device that can't be used for voice calls. Instead, it's designed specifically for e-mail, short text messages and other forms of wireless chat.
Howe Done with Mets, Effective at Season's End  New York, NY (Sports Network) - The New York Mets have  reportedly told Art Howe he will be fired, but he has agreed to  remain as the team's manager until the end of this season.
Lawmaker Introduces Presidential Proposal (AP) AP - Schwarzenegger for president in 2008? No, he's not eligible.
Size Matters When It Comes to Nostrils (Reuters) Reuters - Large nostrils count more than a big\nose when it come to smelling power, said German scientists on\Wednesday after completing a three-year-long study aimed at\treating smelling disorders.
US suspends Peace Corps in Nepal, ask embassy families to leave (AFP) AFP - The US State Department announced it has authorized the departure of non-emergency personnel and family members of the US Embassy in Nepal's capital and suspended Peace Corps aid work in the country due to security concerns.
USC fires basketball coach Henry Bibby Henry Bibby was fired as Southern California #39;s basketball coach Monday, just four games into his ninth season. The Trojans, beset by some player dissension, are 2-2.
Antarctic Living: A Space House for an Icy Land (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A new research station at the bottom of the world may give future Antarctica researchers some special treats, like the ability to live above ground and look out a window.
NASA Transfers X-37 Project to DARPA (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - WASHINGTON  #x2014; NASA has transferred its X-37 technology demonstration program \  to the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), which plans \  to go ahead with atmospheric drop tests of the prototype space plane next year.
VW and unions are "miles apart" Workers and management at German car giant Volkswagen make little headway in initial negotiations over a new pay deal.
Airespace Wins IBM Partnership for WiFi Service  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Airespace, a Silicon Valley telecom  services start-up, won a partnership with International  Business Machines Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; that will help Airespace grab a  piece of the growing market for WiFi services, the two  companies told Reuters on Wednesday.
Tough Times Ahead for Chip Makers? The number of companies building processors is likely to shrink, researcher says.
China to Build 3,000 New Internet Cafes SHANGHAI, China (AP) -- China's second-largest mobile phone company plans to open 3,000 Internet cafes by the end of the year, exerting stronger state control over a sector once dominated by private enterprise, state-run radio reported Tuesday.    China Unicom already operates 400 Internet cafes in China and plans to start up as many as 200 more by year's end, China Radio International reported...
UK Complains of Higher iTunes Cost LONDON (AP) -- A consumer's group said Wednesday it has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple's iTunes system.    British buyers are charged 79 pence, or \$1.41, for one track, while customers in France and Germany pay euro0.99, or \$1.21...
MSO Shares Still Confined by Martha #39;s Woes Martha Stewart may soon head to prison, but that likely won #39;t free her namesake company of its troubles, investors and analysts say.
Oil, Coke cap European stocks Major regional indexes close in the red on early hike in crude prices and Coca-Cola profit warning. PARIS (Reuters) - European shares fell on Wednesday as an early session rise in oil prices stoked concern 
The 1994 NHL lockout provided no permanent solutions for major &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - The 103-day NHL labour disruption of 1994 flushed tens of millions of dollars down the toilet and resulted in no permanent solution.
Judge waives arraignment for Heatley ATLANTA - A judge has waived the arraignment for Atlanta Thrashers forward Dany Heatley, who has been charged with vehicular homicide and five other counts in the 2003 wreck that killed a teammate.
5/11 Afridi towers over the Kenyans LONDON, September 15: Pakistan sent out a warning to India before their Champions Trophy Group C showdown with a seven-wicket demolition of Kenya at Edgbaston on Wednesday.
Van Nistelrooy double saves United from defeat at Lyon Ruud van Nistelrooy struck twice in six minutes to salvage a 2-2 draw for Manchester United against Olympique Lyon in the Champions League on Wednesday and set a 30-goal European scoring record for his club.
Airespace Wins IBM Partnership for WiFi Service (Reuters) Reuters - Airespace, a Silicon Valley telecom\services start-up, won a partnership with International\Business Machines Corp.  that will help Airespace grab a\piece of the growing market for WiFi services, the two\companies told Reuters on Wednesday.
Taiwan, China Artists Breach Political Divide (Reuters) Reuters - In an abandoned Cold War bomb\shelter on Taiwan's frontline island of Quemoy, the music of\Bach and Beethoven jars with the boom and screech of a piano\being smashed to bits.
Stocks Fall on Coke, Tech Downgrade  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Wednesday after a  profit warning from Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt; stoked fears about  corporate profits and a downgrade of the technology sector by  investment bank Goldman Sachs weighed on markets.
GOLF: FANNY #39;S TIRED OF CARRYING TEE BAG NICK FALDO #39;S caddie Fanny Sunesson has announced she has carried her last golf bag - - but only after falling victim to the rules of the Hong Kong club.
Job Market Shifting by Degrees Research by professors at Northeastern University shows that a college student's major is more important than what college they attend in determining their starting salary upon graduation.
Gazprom Restrictions May Stay Just hours after President Vladimir Putin sent Gazprom shares soaring by indicating he backed ending the long-derided dual trading system for the gas giant #39;s shares 
Infineon to pay \$160 million fine for DRAM price-fixing Infineon Technologies AG, a German manufacturer of DRAM (dynamic RAM) has agreed to plead guilty and pay a US\$160 million fine for attempting to fix prices in the DRAM market, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) announced Wednesday.
Judge Rules State #39;s School Finance System Unconstitutional State District Judge John Dietz ruled Wednesday that the states so-called Robin Hood school finance system is unconstitutional.
Amazon Unit Challenges Google, Other Search Sites A9.com is walking a fine line between working with Google and competing against it. By Thomas Claburn. Following an April test, A9.
Pimco adviser, affiliates to pay \$11.6M SEC settlement The Securities and Exchange Commission said Wednesday Pimco mutual fund group #39;s adviser and two affiliates will pay more than \$11.
Industrial Production Inches Up in August Industrial activity edged up by 0.1 percent in August as declines in utility and mining output tempered a gain in factory production.
Update 1: Cyberonics Rejects Advanced Neuro #39;s Bid Cyberonics Inc. rejected a takeover bid from fellow medical-device maker Advanced Neuromodulation Systems Inc. on Wednesday, saying it continues to focus on strengthening its epilepsy business and is still not interested in any combination or merger.
EU clears Banco Santander #39;s takeover bid for Abbey National The European Commission, executive arm of the European Union, on Wednesday cleared acquisition of Britain #39;s sixth largest bank Abbey National by Spain #39;s largest bank Banco Santander Central Hispano.
Martha Stewart asks judge for jail right away Martha Stewart wants to serve her five months prison sentence  quot;as soon as possible quot; and has sent a request to do so to the judge in charge of her legal case, the queen of domestic life said in a news conference in New York Wednesday.
New Firm Launches Web Services-Based Collaborative Platform Cordys Inc. announced a new Web services-based platform designed to create more efficient and collaborative business environments.
HP #39;s StorageWorks Grid Approach Makes Data Dynamic Hewlett-Packard has unveiled its storage grid architecture strategyan approach that company executives claim is faster and more efficient than comparable products and systems on the market today.
Hughes new man at Blackburn Former Manchester United striker Mark Hughes has been appointed the new manager of Blackburn Rovers. The Wales boss had been the favourite to take over the Lancashire club after former manager Graeme Souness 
Royals extend Stairs Kansas City, MO (Sports Network) - The Kansas City Royals have extended the contract of outfielder Matt Stairs through the 2005 season.
Edmonton Oilers captain Jason Smith resigns with team on the eve &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; EDMONTON (CP) - Edmonton Oilers captain Jason Smith signed a four-year deal with the team Wednesday, on the eve of an NHL lockout.
Presidential tickets make no difference in dialog The General Election Commission (KPU)-sponsored dialog has failed to live up to expectations that it would be a forum for presidential candidates to convince the public of their platforms and programs, mass communication experts said on Wednesday.
British  quot;Batman quot; on the Buckingham Palace walls On Tuesday three police officers were seen standing at the spot where a ladder was used for Mr Hatch #39;s ascent. His fellow campaigner Mr Pyke, who dressed as Batman #39;s sidekick Robin, was stopped by armed police at the scene.
XM Satellite Radio to Broadcast on Web (AP) AP - XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company's discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users used to circumvent the music industry's crackdown on illegal file sharing.
Souness wary of a giantkilling Newcastle boss Graeme Souness has warned his players not to underestimate non-league Yeading when they clash next month. The Magpies were paired with the Ryman League outfit in yesterday #39;s draw for the FA 
Saskatchewan high court rejects appeal of 2 men in murder of  Regina seniors (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - Saskatchewan's highest court has rejected an appeal by two men convicted in a bloody home invasion that killed an senior Regina couple.
Factories Bright Spot Amid Output Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. industrial production growth  nearly stalled last month as cool weather led to a drop in  electrical output, which obscured a strong performance at  factories, a Federal Reserve report showed on Wednesday.
Bush Gains, but Not With Swing Voters (AP) AP - President Bush has been gaining ground among overall voters as a leader and the man to fight terrorism, but swing voters have been less impressed, a tracking poll suggests.
Earthquake Rocks Indonesia's Bali, One Dead (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful earthquake rocked\Indonesia's premier tourist island of Bali Wednesday, killing\one person, injuring at least two and triggering some panic,\officials said.
Milosevic Trial Halts; Witnesses Refuse to Testify (Reuters) Reuters - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan\Milosevic's war crimes trial was suspended for a month\Wednesday to give court-appointed lawyers more time to prepare\the defense case after witnesses refused to testify.
Delta Auditor Concerned About Airline  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday its auditors had expressed concern about the  airline's financial viability.
OPEC Raises Output by 1 Million bpd.; Tries to Gain Consumer &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A meeting of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) has resulted in an increase of the cartels official oil production ceiling by one million barrels per day (bpd).
Martha Stewart abandons fight to stay out of prison Martha Stewart, the lifestyle icon convicted of lying and obstructing justice in an insider trading trial earlier this year, said yesterday she was dropping her fight to stay out of jail and 
Tech company to plead guilty to price fixing A German manufacturer of technology commonly used in personal computers has agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$160 million fine for engaging in an international price-fixing conspiracy that drove up computer prices, the Justice 
Stocks sag on corporate forecasts and worse-than-expected economic &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Earnings warnings from Celestica and Coca-Cola along with a slowdown in US industrial production sent stock markets lower Wednesday.
UPDATE 5-PacifiCare to buy American Medical for \$502 mln PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. (PHS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it agreed to buy American Medical Security Group Inc.
Ruud to the rescue for Man. U The high-scoring Dutchman scored twice in the second half of a Champions League match Wednesday to help the English powers rally back from a two-goal deficit and earn a 2-2 draw with French champions Olympique Lyon at Stade Municipal Gerland.
Ajax Amsterdam 0-1 Juventus: FT Report AMSTERDAM, September 15 (Champions League) - A moment of brilliance from Pavel Nedved was enough to give Juventus three points from their Champions League Group C opener against Ajax.
UPDATE 1-Leverkusen serve up 3-0 thrashing for Real Bayer Leverkusen started their Champions League campaign with a shock 3-0 win over a sluggish Real Madrid in a Group B game on Wednesday.
Tennessee has an edge on Florida Lee, what #39;s your take on the Florida-Tennesse game this weekend? Will the quarterbacks for both teams - Chris Leak of Florida, Erik Ainge and Brent Schaeffer of Tennessee -ave the same success that they had in their first games?
Infineon to pay \$160M fine for DRAM price-fixing The Department of Justice charged Infineon with violating the Sherman Antitrust Act by conspiring with unnamed DRAM manufacturers between July 1999 and June 2002 to fix prices on memory sold to computer and server vendors.
DHS moves ahead with cybersecurity R D efforts The Department of Homeland Security has launched several new cybersecurity initiatives that it hopes to add to pilot projects and operational systems and that can be deployed throughout the government and the private sector.
Ex-Teledata employee pleads guilty in massive ID theft case Prosecutors said the Georgia man, a former help desk employee at Teledata Communications, was involved in a scheme to steal the identities of up to 30,000 people.
Patching still a sore spot for some Oracle users Members of the Oracle Applications User Group at this week's Connection Point 2004 said Oracle has made strides by rolling out new support tools and processes, but has more work to do to make their jobs easier.
Borland looks to take on Visual Studio with Diamondback The product combines development on the Win32, Delphi and .Net platforms, accommodating legacy Windows and new application development.
Mozilla fixes browser bugs Mozilla Foundation releases new versions of two browsers and an e-mail reader, addressing vulnerabilities that could allow attackers to run malicious code on a user's PC.
J.P. Morgan cancels \$5B IBM outsourcing deal J.P. Morgan, the No. 2 U.S. bank, said that after its recent merger with Bank One, it could better manage its own technology and infrastructure.
Wireless technology aids post-hurricane claims processing Property and casualty insurers such as State Farm and The Hartford have invested in wireless and other technologies to streamline claims processing for policyholders affected by recent hurricanes.
IDC: Storage resource management software sales soar EMC led the overall storage software market in the second quarter, with a 32.5 revenue share, up 3.4 percentage points over the same quarter of 2003, according to IDC. Veritas held on to its second-place position in the market.
Identity Theft Suspect Pleads Guilty Man had been charged with one of the largest such scams in U.S. history.
Microsoft Announces Another Windows Security Flaw SEATTLE (AP) -- Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) announced Tuesday it has found a new security flaw with its Windows XP operating system and warned that an attacker could infiltrate other computers by persuading their owners to open a specialized graphics file...
Moy #39;s moment as Spain celebrate Four years ago in Barcelona, when Spain won the Davis Cup for the first time, Carlos Moy cut a rather sad and slightly dejected figure, an outsider who was forced to watch from the periphery because of an injured back.
Nestle Considering Perrier Sale (AP) AP - Nestle SA said Wednesday it is considering selling French mineral water brand Perrier after a trade union blocked a plan to cut almost 800 jobs.
Carolina Defensive Line Reeling After Loss (AP) AP - Their pride has clearly been wounded. For a defensive line that makes its mission stopping the run, Ahman Green's 119 rushing yards definitely stung the Carolina Panthers.
Take Kerry's Swift Boat for a Nonpolitical Spin Kuma Reality Games, which specializes in recreating military encounters, is making one of Mr. Kerry's Swift boat missions the situation for a game.
Heatley's Arraignment Waived  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Atlanta Thrashers right wing  Dany Heatley, who is charged with vehicular homicide and five  other counts in the 2003 car crash that killed teammate Dan  Snyder, had his Wednesday arraignment waived by a judge.
N.H.L. to Lock Out Players on Thursday The National Hockey League will lock out its players Thursday, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season.
U.S. Rebukes Saudis Over Religious Rights  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States on Wednesday  accused Saudi Arabia of severe violations of religious freedom  in a rare official rebuke of a close ally and key oil supplier  that potentially could lead to sanctions.
Suspended Hokies Tailback Enters Plea Suspended Virginia Tech tailback Mike Imoh on Wednesday accepted the same agreement as quarterback Marcus Vick and pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor charge stemming from a night of drinking with underage girls.
Jeter Leads Yankees Past Royals 3-0 Javier Vazquez pitched the New York Yankees to their second consecutive shutout, and Derek Jeter homered and doubled twice Wednesday in a 3-0 victory over the Kansas City Royals.
NFL Fines Broncos' Lynch for Hit on Hall The NFL fined Broncos safety John Lynch \$7,500 on Wednesday for a hit he made against Chiefs receiver Dante Hall in the season opener.
Marlins' Burnett to Miss Next Start Florida Marlins right-hander A.J. Burnett will miss his next scheduled start because of elbow inflammation, an ailment that could hurt the team's chances in the NL wild-card race.
Stewart Asks to Serve Sentence Soon NEW YORK - Even at a wrenching moment of surrender, Martha Stewart was - as always - under impeccable control. Her announcement Wednesday that she would report to prison as soon as possible came in a light-bathed studio, before a brilliant backdrop of color swatches, perfectly choreographed for television...
New Orleans Urges People to Take Shelter NEW ORLEANS - With 135-mph Hurricane Ivan closing in with frightening intensity, this flood-prone city scrambled Wednesday to get people out of harm's way, putting the frail and elderly in the cavernous Louisiana Superdome and urging others to move to higher floors in tall buildings.    Along some 300 miles of threatened coastline from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle, the churning surf, ominous clouds, swaying traffic lights and escalating winds were all the reminders some people needed to take cover from a storm that made a slight turn north on a path that could bring it ashore early Thursday at the Alabama-Mississippi line, near Mobile, Ala...
OPEC moves to reassure markets VIENNA In a largely symbolic decision, OPEC agreed on Wednesday to increase its formal production ceiling by 1 million barrels a day, underlining the group #39;s resolve to bring down high oil prices.
HBOS opts not to bid for Abbey National LONDON Santander Central Hispano of Spain looked certain to clinch its bid for the British mortgage lender Abbey National, after HBOS, Britain #39;s biggest home-loan company, said Wednesday it would not counterbid, and after the European Commission cleared 
Martha Stewart says she #39;s heading to prison NEW YORK Saying she wanted to  quot;put this nightmare behind me, quot; Martha Stewart said Wednesday that she would enter a US prison to begin serving her five-month sentence without waiting to see whether an appeals court will overturn the guilty verdict a jury 
At VW, threat of job losses hits nerves FRANKFURT Representatives of Volkswagen and its labor union faced off across a table Wednesday, opening a round of negotiations that will be closely watched here as a test of how long German workers can preserve their privileged place in the global auto 
XM to Launch Online Radio Service XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. said Wednesday it is launching a commercial-free online music service in early October called XM Radio Online.
Alitalia nears more union deals MILAN A day after getting its pilots to agree to pay cuts and longer hours, Alitalia took another step on Wednesday toward avoiding bankruptcy as the Italian state-run airline neared an accord with its flight attendants and ground workers.
Mondavi to move on Robert Mondavi Corp. said it would sell not only the Napa Valley facility, perhaps America #39;s most famous winery, but all of its high-end wine ventures in California and around the world, to concentrate on 
UK group accuses Apple of unfair download pricing LONDON A British consumers #39; lobbying group has complained to the Office of Fair Trading about prices on Apple #39;s iTunes online music download service.
CNN.com Romancing the phone For men seeking true romance there is now a new mating game with an unusual twist -- it is virtual and mobile. A fantasy world in which lovesick men can wine and dine a virtual girlfriend 
Sun #39;s OpenSolaris Plans Start to Emerge Sun Microsystems on Friday will unveil more of its plans for OpenSolaris, the open-source project for the Solaris operating system.
Where #39;s Phil? US captain says decision to sit out not selfish Phil Mickelson is a changed man. He #39;s altered the long-standing perception he couldn #39;t win a major, and his latest deviation finds him switching equipment just before golf #39;s pre-eminent team event.
Blackburn names Hughes new coach London, England (Sports Network) - Blackburn named Welsh national team coach Mark Hughes its new boss Wednesday, effective immediately.
Roundup: Road to splitsville? No way, Tiger says Tiger Woods has denied a gossip item that he and his fiance, Elin Nordegren, have broken up.  quot;That #39;s completely false, quot; Woods said on Tuesday of a Boston Herald columnist #39;s report.
Checkpoint Hebrew Finds Way Into Palestinian Lexicon As Palestinians trudge across a barbed-wire passage leading to Jerusalem from the West Bank city of Ramallah, hawkers and taxi drivers greet them with a din of multilingual chants.
China #39;s Hu calls democracy  #39;blind alley #39; BEIJING China #39;s Communist Party chief, Hu Jintao, said Wednesday that Western-style democracy was a  quot;blind alley quot; for China and that the one-party state would fight power abuse and corruption by policing itself better.
Bribes Helped Bombers to Russian Planes -Prosecutor (Reuters) Reuters - Bribery and negligence by officials\helped Chechen suicide bombers get on board two passenger\planes last month and blow them up, Russia's chief prosecutor\said in an interview published on Wednesday.
Brady Not Satisfied Despite Strong Start (AP) AP - Going 17-1 in games decided by fewer than seven points isn't enough for Tom Brady. Neither is throwing for 335 yards and three touchdowns in his season opener.
Bush Reaches Out to Hispanics at Event (AP) AP - Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month, President Bush on Wednesday reached out to an important election-year constituency by talking up the benefits to minorities of his education and homeownership agenda.
Bribes Helped Bombers to Russian Planes -Prosecutor  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Bribery and negligence by officials  helped Chechen suicide bombers get on board two passenger  planes last month and blow them up, Russia's chief prosecutor  said in an interview published on Wednesday.
Protesters Breach British Parliament in New Scare  LONDON (Reuters) - Pro-hunting demonstrators burst onto the  floor of Britain's parliament on Wednesday in the week's second  audacious breach of security at a landmark site.
Expert: India Leads World in HIV Cases NEW DELHI - India has the world's largest number of HIV-infected people, the head of a top international AIDS-fighting fund said Wednesday, dismissing official figures.   "I don't believe in the official statistics...
New Orleans Urges People to Take Shelter NEW ORLEANS - With 135-mph Hurricane Ivan closing in with frightening intensity, this flood-prone city scrambled Wednesday to get people out of harm's way, putting the frail and elderly in the cavernous Louisiana Superdome and urging others to move to higher floors in tall buildings.    Along some 300 miles of threatened coastline from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle, the churning surf, ominous clouds, swaying traffic lights and escalating winds were all the reminders some people needed to take cover from the storm...
Risk group sees up to \$10 billion US Ivan damage Insured losses in the United States from Hurricane Ivan, which was roaring toward the US Gulf coast on Wednesday, could run between \$4 billion and \$10 billion, a risk assessment company said.
Group Takes Issue with iTunes #39; Pricing A London-based consumer group says Apple #39;s iTunes music download-service is overcharging customers in the United Kingdom by 17 percent compared to those in France and Germany.
FROM THE DESK OF DAVID POGUE Considering Microsoft #39;s ITunes Store n Sept. 2, Microsoft unveiled its iTunes Music Store. That sentence may sound a little strange, but that is, in fact, what happened.
Software Tutors Offer Help and Customized Hints OURTEEN-year-old Rochelle Brown was close to solving an algebra problem. Yet she stumbled repeatedly on one calculation: -2.3  .5.
First snapshot of a distant planet? In what could be a breakthrough in the search for worlds, an international team of astronomers claims to have made an image of a planetlike object beyond our solar system.
Sun, Microsoft Ready Single Sign-On It #39;s the first deliverable in a joint-development agreement reached last spring, with more interoperability planned. By Stephanie Stahl.
Owners Lock Out Players Over Contract Dispute National Hockey League owners carried out their threat to lock out players on Wednesday, shutting down the league after the two sides were unable to reach a new labor deal.
DA still determining charges, if any OAKLAND, Calif. -- Prosecutors are expected to ask for a continuance in the case of Rangers relief pitcher Frank Francisco at a preliminary court hearing scheduled for Wednesday afternoon.
Blackburn Appoints Wales Soccer Coach Mark Hughes as Manager Blackburn Rovers, which has yet to win a game in English soccer #39;s Premiership this season, said it appointed Wales coach Mark Hughes to replace Graeme Souness as team manager.
Champions: Liverpool defeats Monaco 2-0 Liverpool defeated last year #39;s finalist Monaco 2-0 Wednesday, with goals from Djibril Cisse and Milan Baros giving new Reds #39; coach Rafa Benitez a perfect start in his Champions League campaign.
What #39;s next in Iranian nuclear saga? US and European officials couldn #39;t agree on how to deal with Iran Wednesday at an IAEA meeting in Vienna. By Scott Peterson. MOSCOW - Divided US and European officials stalled a meeting of the UN #39;s atomic 
Milosevic puts war court on trial Wednesday, judges adjourned the trial for one month to give Milosevic #39;s lawyers more time to call reluctant witnesses. By Peter Ford  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Top official backs Putin on changes for Russia MOSCOW Russia #39;s foreign minister on Wednesday defended sweeping political changes announced earlier this week by President Vladimir Putin, telling the United States and other critics that the plans were an internal matter.
Quake, gale kill two in Bali, N. Sumatra An earthquake killed one person and injured two others on Wednesday on the resort island of Bali, while a gale that swept through several parts of the country claimed one life and damaged hundreds of houses in North Sumatra.
Earnings alert: Lawson expects quarterly loss Plus: SCO to cap legal costs...Novell sees weakness in IT spending...Salesforce reports rise in profit...Nortel to lay off 3,500.
Delta says revising annual report Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it was revising its last annual report to reflect its worsening financial condition and to include the possibility of filing for bankruptcy protection.
Apple criticised for download costs Apple computer is facing an inquiry by the Office of Fair Trading after it was criticised for selling music downloads to UK customers at higher prices than in other European countries.
Gnome Debuts 2.8 Desktop Sep. 15, 2004. Less than a month after its rival KDE rolled out its newest open-source desktop, the Gnome Project Wednesday debuted out Gnome 2.8, the latest iteration of its graphical interfaces for Linux.
Launch delay for new ISS crew MOSCOW: The launch of a Soyuz rocket due to carry the next Russian-US crew to the International Space Station (ISS) on October 9 is set to be delayed for technical reasons, Russian space officials said on Wednesday.
MOM farms out all IT-related functions THE Ministry of Manpower has taken the unprecedented step of outsourcing its entire IT applications, hardware, software and services.
Game off, NHL votes to lock out players saying economics have to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - The NHL pulled the plug on hockey Wednesday, with an emotional Gary Bettman painting a bleak picture of a Grand Canyon-sized divide between owners and the Players #39; Association.
Villeneuve gets back on track with Sauber Former world champion Jacques Villeneuve will drive for Switzerlands Sauber motor racing team in next season #39;s Formula One championship.
Soccer: Big teams off to winning start in Champions League Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening group H match yesterday.
Police reveal prime suspects POLICE last night released the names and mugshots of the bombers and terror masterminds believed responsible for the Australian Embassy attack in Jakarta.
Hu warns against aping Western politics BEIJING - China would come to a  #39;dead end #39; if it copied blindly from Western political systems, President Hu Jintao said yesterday on the eve of a Chinese Communist Party (CCP) meeting focused on shoring up its own waning image and legitimacy.
Latest Mozilla releases fix 10 security flaws At least three critical vulnerabilities are among those fixed by the most recent versions of Mozilla, Firefox and Thunderbird.
New Satellite Photos May Show New Iran Nuclear Site  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New satellite images show Iran's  Parchin military complex, southeast of Tehran, may be a site  for research, testing and production of nuclear weapons, a  nuclear expert said on Wednesday.
U.S. Joins New Drive for Northern Ireland Deal  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - U.S. special envoy  Mitchell Reiss will join British and Irish leaders at a  1,000-year-old castle on Thursday for talks billed as a final  chance to save Northern Ireland's 1998 Good Friday peace  accord.
Iraq war illegal, says Annan The UN's Kofi Annan tells the BBC the US-led invasion of Iraq was illegal and contravened the UN charter.
OPEC aims for four percent increase in oil quotas VIENNA: OPECs core Gulf producers on Wednesday recommended the cartel raise supply quotas by one million barrels a day, four percent, Kuwaiti Oil Minister Sheikh Ahmad al-Fahd al-Sabah said.
JPMorgan Chase Cancels \$5-Billion Outsourcing Deal With IBM The inexorable march of outsourcing took an abrupt about face Wednesday, when JPMorgan Chase bank canceled its \$5-billion outsourcing deal with IBM and said it would take back the 4,000 employees working at IBM on the bank #39;s IT programs.
Airbus #39;s launch aid #39; has to be grounded This week, trade officials from the US and the European Union are due to discuss subsidies in the commercial aircraft market. The talks must focus on the subsidy that distorts the market the most - launch 
Firearms police get stun guns Police firearms officers will be allowed to use electronic stun guns as a safer alternative, the government said yesterday. The hand-held Taser device fires twin needle-tipped darts up to 21ft; they deliver 
NCR Recalls Inkjet Refill Kits NCR Corp. on Wednesday recalled 78,000 printer cartridge refill kits because they do not have child-proof packaging, posing a health risk to young children who may ingest the ink sold in the product.
Candidates battle for hearts and minds in the science journals The battle for the US presidency enters new territory today with both candidates turning to scientific journals to set out their election promises.
MS Releases Fix For Graphics Flaw Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly releases for September -- one rated critical, one important.
Will the iPod Become the Next Pet Rock? Lately, I #39;ve written extensively about Apple Computer #39;s moves in the connected home, and certainly some of the company #39;s well-designed productsespecially its best-selling iPodare hits with users.
Petulance, style, Drogba has both LONDON - Arsenal bored their way to a 1-0 Champions League win over PSV Eindhoven thanks to a piece of Thierry Henry brilliance, and Henrik Larsson returned to Celtic as a Barcelona player to hand his former team their first European defeat in three years 
More than just a game As Newcastle United #39;s new boss Graeme Souness sets out to bring harmony to a troubled St James Park, where factionalism and conflict have been the order of the day in recent times, he could do worse than look to tomorrow night #39;s Uefa Cup opponents for a 
British National Shot Dead in Riyadh RIYADH, 16 September 2004 - Suspected terrorists gunned down a Briton near a major supermarket in the eastern part of Riyadh yesterday.
Jordanian employer of hostage agrees to pull out of Iraq AMMAN, Sept. 15. - The owner of a Jordanian truck company announced today that he had ordered its Iraq operations stopped in a bid to save the life of a driver held hostage by a militant group.
More Violence Across Iraq Kills 12 Insurgent attacks against US and Iraqi troops continued Wednesday west of Baghdad in the rebel stronghold known as the Sunni Triangle.
New Orleans Urges People to Take Shelter NEW ORLEANS - With 135-mph Hurricane Ivan closing in with frightening intensity, this flood-prone city scrambled Wednesday to get people out of harm's way, putting the frail and elderly in the cavernous Louisiana Superdome and urging others to move to higher floors in tall buildings.    Ivan made a slight turn north on a path that could bring it ashore early Thursday at the Alabama-Mississippi line, near Mobile, Ala., but forecasters said everyone from New Orleans to the Panhandle should be worried...
Beer in Moderation Could Be Good for You TORONTO - Beer, a health food? That's what some Canadian researchers report. A study from the University of Western Ontario finds a brew could be good for you...
SEC Probes WorldCom Creditor Actions  WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Federal regulators have  launched an investigation into creditor actions in the WorldCom  bankruptcy, demanding thousands of documents from bondholders  related to the largest U.S. bankruptcy, according to court  documents.
Endangered tiger earns its stripes as the world #39;s most popular &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dog might be man #39;s best friend, but the world #39;s favourite animal is the tiger, according to an international survey published today.
Sun's OpenSolaris Plans Start to Emerge (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company will launch an OpenSolaris site on Friday, but an open-source version of Sun's operating system is still a long way off.
Japan Volcano Erupts for Second Straight Day (Reuters) Reuters - A volcano in central Japan spewed smoke\into the sky as it erupted for a second straight day on\Wednesday, but there were no immediate signs to suggest a major\eruption was coming.
OPEC to hike crude oil output quota by 1 mil barrels VIENNA - The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed Wednesday to boost its current daily crude oil production quota by 1 million barrels to 27 million barrels from Nov 1 to try to stabilize recently high-flying crude oil prices.
Labor dispute puts hockey on ice The message board in Canada #39;s dressing room spoke volumes: Practice canceled tomorrow. No one else to beat. The next fight for these stars is with NHL owners, who are set to lock them out Wednesday night.
Rivals end phoney contest A cricket match is expected to break out this morning at the Oval, ending a week of tediously phoney contests and sparking the ICC Champions Trophy into belated life.
Steelers #39; Roethlisberger injures knee PITTSBURGH (Sept. 15, 2004) -- Ben Roethlisberger injured his right knee during a passing drill at the Pittsburgh Steelers #39; practice field.
Pre-emption not on cards: Sharon JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Iran and its nuclear ambitions represent a very great danger to the Jewish state but played down the prospect of a pre-emptive strike on its atomic facilities.
Heat Sign Laettner to Help Shaq (AP) AP - Christian Laettner wanted to play close to his home and for a winning team. The Miami Heat was an obvious choice, even before they traded for Shaquille O'Neal.
Wired Introduces MediaPress LE realtime MPEG Encoder for \$2199 BIRCHWOOD, Minn. --(Business Wire)-- Dec. 6, 2004 -- Wired today announced the immediate availability of its new MediaPress LE(TM) realtime MPEG encoding card for Macintosh.
Microsoft Extends Olive Branch to Corporate NT 4 Users Though the oft-delayed end of support for Windows NT 4.0 will arrive December 31, Microsoft this week detailed the steps its corporate customers can take to continue receiving support for the OS.
Briefly: Microsoft connects with SAP roundup Plus: Autodesk updates hobbyist tool...LogicLibrary buys bug catcher...Think local, act Google.
Microsoft connects with SAP A new add-on for Office Project Server 2003 includes tools for connecting to HR software from SAP.
Autodesk updates hobbyist tool The software maker has released AutoSketch 9, an update of its drafting application.
Infineon to pay \$160 million fine for DRAM price-fixing WASHINGTON - Infineon Technologies AG, a German manufacturer of DRAM (dynamic RAM) has agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$160 million fine for attempting to fix prices in the DRAM market, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) announced Wednesday.
Columnists: Academia Headaches Academic institutions who have to add, manage, and secure thousands of new users within a period of just a few days face political and social issues on top of the immense technical ones.
They're Robots? Those Beasts! Researchers developing robotic lobsters, flies, dogs cockroaches believe that machines inspired by biology will be able to operate in places where today's robots cannot go.
Software Tutors Offer Help and Customized Hints Broadly defined, an intelligent tutoring system is educational software containing an artificial intelligence component.
It's Available in Sleek, but It's Going to Cost You An \$1,100 cordless phone is just one sign that fashion has gained a toehold in the digital realm.
HBOS walks away from Abbey HBOS walked away from a possible bid for Abbey National yesterday, shortening the odds sharply on a 8.7 billion recommended offer from Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano being successful.
Sony #39;s no blockbuster EVERYONE from Rupert Murdoch to Christopher Skase kicked the tires at MGM at some point during the 30 years the fabled studio was on and off the block.
Just let me go to jail now, says Martha Martha Stewart yesterday gave up the battle to stay out of prison, asking instead to begin her sentence as soon as possible so she could put  quot;this nightmare quot; behind her.
Update 2: JP Morgan Chase Plans to Rehire 4,000 JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co. says it will rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs it had outsourced to IBM, bucking a corporate trend in information technology.
AOL Dumps Sender ID AOL (Quote, Chart) has withdrawn its support for Microsoft #39;s controversial Sender ID technology and falling back on Sender Policy Framework (SPF), internetnews.
Focused Tiger has fireworks up his sleeve HAL Sutton was hardly rationing compliments yesterday when he identified Tiger Woods as one of the greatest putters who ever lived.
Blackburn get their man as Hughes agrees Ewood deal WALES coach Mark Hughes was last night installed as the new manager of Blackburn, filling the gap left by the departure of Graeme Souness to Newcastle.
Kenyan collapse frustrates Moles Pakistan #39;s seven-wicket win left Kenya #39;s coach Andy Moles feeling crushed and disappointed on his return to Edgbaston yesterday.
Briton is shot dead in Saudi Arabia A Briton was shot dead by suspected Muslim militants in the Saudi capital, Riyadh, yesterday in what appears to be the latest anti-Western killing by supporters of al-Qa #39;ida.
Dozens Slain During Bloody Day In Iraq RAMADI, Iraq -- Medical officials say fighting between US troops and Iraqi insurgents in the western city of Ramadi has killed at least eight civilians and wounded nearly 20 others.
Alou Hopes 700th Can Change Bonds' Image (AP) AP - San Francisco Giants manager Felipe Alou hopes Barry Bonds' 700th home run  #151; whenever it comes  #151; will change the public's perception of the surly slugger.
USS Cole Prosecution Seeks Death Penalty (AP) AP - A trial into the almost four-year-old bombing of a U.S. warship in Aden Harbor that killed 17 Navy sailors concluded Wednesday with prosecutors seeking the death penalty for six defendants.
Ryder Cup Will Be All Over Television (AP) AP - TV viewers who became accustomed to the around-the-clock coverage of the Olympics should like this starting Friday: All Ryder Cup, all the time.
Gayle scatters flock of seagulls Another day, another duff game. At least it had a semblance of meaning, featuring a once mighty side lurching from one nightmare to another against an embryonic team who are marginally improving.
OPEC pushes up oil output OPEC responded to recent high oil prices yesterday by raising its output quotas by 1 million barrels per day (bpd) of crude, effective from 1 November, a move analysts said was largely cosmetic in light of its current overproduction.
Is Search About To Be Amazoned? Amazon.com has entered the search-engine wars with the debut of A9.com. The site, which relies on Google search technology, includes personalization features like a running log of sites visited 
Alitalia Gets Crucial Deal With Pilots Alitalia reached a vital deal with its pilots on productivity improvements on Tuesday, a day ahead of a deadline to seal a rescue plan or face bankruptcy, union sources said.
XM Radio Plans Online Music Service Grump writes  quot;Diving into the already crowded online music business, XM Radio Online, will launch sometime in early October and operate commercial-free, just as its satellite programming does.
Gates spreads wealth to CMU The Bill  amp; Melinda Gates Foundation has given Carnegie Mellon University \$20 million toward construction of a new computer science building.
Darfur peace talks struggle for survival Peace talks between Sudan #39;s government and Darfur rebels struggled for survival after one of the two rebel groups said on Wednesday the negotiations had collapsed but left open the chance of resumption.
New Satellite Photos May Show New Iran Nuclear Site (Reuters) Reuters - New satellite images show Iran's\Parchin military complex, southeast of Tehran, may be a site\for research, testing and production of nuclear weapons, a\nuclear expert said on Wednesday.
Blessing or Curse? Top Newspaper Editors Examine Blogs' Role in the '60 Minutes' Uproar (Editor and Publisher) Editor and Publisher - NEW YORK The current controversy over the validity of documents pushed in large part by bloggers and purporting to prove that President Bush received special treatment in the National Guard shows that partisan Internet pundits are having a growing impact on mainstream press, for better or worse, according to several newspaper editors.
Current Woes Aside, Cisco Getting Ready For New Growth Run (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - Networking giant Cisco Systems may be in short-term pain. But it's looking past that to long-term gain.
Dolphins Have Minor Injury Problems  DAVIE, Fla., (Sports Network) - The Miami Dolphins will be  without running back Travis Minor for Sunday's game against  Cincinnati because of an ankle injury.
Japan Stocks Open Lower, Tech Shares Fall  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei share average opened down  0.59 percent on Thursday with technology shares leading the way  following a drop in their U.S. peers after Goldman Sachs  downgraded its view on the sector.
OPEC nations agree to boost daily oil quota OPEC nations agreed to revise their oil production quota, boosting it by 1 million barrels per day in an effort to talk down crude oil prices.
Rupert buys back the farm, the art and harbourside house RUPERT Murdoch is literally buying back the farm - and the art and other myriad investments worth more than \$50 million. As part of the proposed move of The News Corporation Ltd to the US, Mr Murdoch and his 
Infineon Reaches Settlement with DoJ on Industry Wide DRAM &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Infineon Technologies AG (FSE/NYSE: IFX) announced today that it has reached an agreement with the United States Department of Justice - Antitrust Division - (DoJ) to plead guilty to a single and limited charge related to the violation of US antitrust 
Alitalia Talks Stretch Past Deadline Racing to avoid bankruptcy, Alitalia (AZPIa.MI: Quote, Profile, Research) struggled into the early hours of Thursday for a last-minute deal with its powerful unions to roll 
British consumer group: iTunes UK overpriced British consumer group Consumers #39; Association has raised its voice over the iTunes #39; pricing in the United Kingdom. Most notably, its anger is aimed towards the different pricing model Apple uses for its online music store in European countries.
Microsoft Releases Systems Management Server 2003 SP1 Microsoft released its first service pack for Systems Management Server 2003 with support for Windows XP SP2 and Virtual Server 2005.
Adobe Announces Photoshop Elements 3.0 Adobe #39;s update of Photoshop Elements adds several new features and enhancements that allow users to edit photos with a few mouse clicks.
Sun, Microsoft to detail interoperability next month SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Sun Microsystems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. next month plan to provide more details on the work they are doing to make their products interoperable, a Sun executive said yesterday.
Fresh sign of the times THE Manpower Ministry (MOM) has scored a first among government agencies by awarding an outsourcing contract to a private firm that includes the transfer of staff.
Labor pains April 1980 -- Players strike the last eight days of spring training. Ninety-two exhibition games are canceled. June 1981 -- Players stage first midseason strike in history.
Ponting says Kiwis aren #39;ta bogy side RICKY Ponting says cricket watchers have fallen for the  quot;myth quot; that New Zealand knows the secret to rattling Australia. Speaking before tonight #39;s Champions Trophy clash at The Oval, Ponting insisted the world 
Howe to be dismissed, but stays with team New York Mets Manager Art Howe has been told he will be dismissed at the end of the season, but he has agreed to remain with the team until then.
Police issue sketches of top 10 suspects in Jakarta blast JAKARTA - Police yesterday issued sketches of the 10 most-wanted suspects linked to last week #39;s Australian Embassy bombing. The sketches, issued by Inspector-General Paiman, included those of Malaysian bomb 
Oracle hire signals focus on subscription services Software maker snags Hewlett-Packard veteran to lead fast-growing division, report to CEO Larry Ellison.\
Mac-to-BlackBerry synchronization app launched In what may someday may be nicknamed the MacBerry, Information Appliance Associates (IAA) announced this week a product called PocketMac BlackBerry, a synchronization application that will give RIM BlackBerry users the ability to do two-way synching of Mac and RIM data.
News Corp shareholders to vote on move SYDNEY: News Corp Ltd said it plans to hold a shareholder vote on its proposed reincorporation to the US at its annual general meeting in Adelaide on Oct 26, after obtaining approval from Australia #39;s Federal Court earlier yesterday.
Martha to judge: Send me to jail ASAP Speaking in a light-bathed room where her media company holds meetings and photo shoots, Martha Stewart announced Wednesday she would voluntarily begin serving her five-month prison term 
Infineon Admits to Price Fixing Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty and to pay a \$160 million fine for participating in an international conspiracy to fix prices in the DRAM market, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) said today.
Delta Auditor Concerned About Airline Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday its auditors have expressed doubt about the airline #39;s financial viability.
Soyuz Damage May Delay Space Station Trip SeaDour writes  quot;As if the failed oxygen generator on the International Space Station wasn #39;t bad enough, rumor has it that the planned launch of a Russian Soyuz capsule to change crews onboard the station may be delayed due to a mishap during ground testing 
Adobe enters home video editing fray Adding to its offerings for digital imaging and video hobbyists, Adobe Systems on Wednesday announced a new video-editing package and an update to its Photoshop Elements image-editing product.
With new OS, Microsoft seeks couch potatoes #39; eyes com September 15, 2004, 5:40 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Sutton Cares About Winning, Not Appearances Hal Sutton has added spice to the 35th Ryder Cup by daring to be different. The leadership style of Sutton, the American captain, has been a focal point 
Chelsea off to a flyer LONDON: Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive Champions League title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening Group H match on Tuesday.
Suyigama, Rubin, Jankovic upset in first round It was a day of upsets at the Wismilak International yesterday as Ai Sugiyama, Chanda Rubin, and Jelena Jankovic all fell in the first round to unheralded opponents.
Football: Real Madrid Beaten by Germany, 3-0 Four-time Champions League football winner Real Madrid of Spain was shocked by Bayer Leverkusen of Germany, 3-0, in Group-B of the tournament Wednesday.
Protesters storm British parliament, but fox hunt ban proceeds (AFP) AFP - Supporters of fox hunting stormed Britain's parliament and clashed with police in the streets, but failed to stop lawmakers from voting by an overwhelming margin to ban the blood sport.
Delta Auditor Concerned About Airline  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday its auditors have expressed doubt about the airline's  financial viability.
CBS Insists Anti-Bush Memos Accurate (Reuters) Reuters - Slammed by all sides, from\high-ranking Republicans to rival networks, CBS News vowed on\Wednesday to answer questions about the authenticity of\documents it aired in a story challenging President Bush's\military service during the Vietnam War.
Senate Panel Votes to Raise AIDS Funding (AP) AP - A Senate committee voted Wednesday to boost funds for battling AIDS and other diseases in poor nations but provided less than half what President Bush wanted for prodding countries to adopt democratic reforms.
Dollar Firm After Upbeat U.S. Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held firm against the yen and  the euro on Thursday on upbeat U.S. manufacturing data, but  many traders expected range-bound trading ahead of next week's  Federal Reserve meeting.
Tokyo Stocks Fall as Tech Issues Sold  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei share average fell 0.44  percent by mid-morning on Thursday as technology shares such as  Toshiba Corp. followed their U.S. peers lower after a major  U.S. investment bank downgraded its view on the sector.
Martha Stewart Asks to Begin Sentence as Soon as Possible Martha Stewart said that she has decided to surrender for prison as soon as possible, citing the need to "reclaim her life."
Coke Says 2nd-Half Profit Will Miss Target Coca-Cola warned that its earnings will fall short of forecasts, pointing to competition in North America and poor weather in Europe.
Carmakers Crank Up Their Image A product placement that cost General Motors more than \$7 million is indicative of new initiatives by agencies and automakers as competition intensifies.
Hurricane Ivan Takes Aim at Mobile, Ala. MOBILE, Ala. - Hurricane Ivan and its 135-mph winds churned toward the Gulf Coast with frightening intensity Wednesday, spawning monster waves that toppled beach houses and spinning off tornadoes that killed at least two people...
Dog Drives Off As Owner Watches Hockey WHITEHORSE, Yukon Territory - An exuberant dog left in a truck while the owner watched Canada win the World Cup of Hockey managed to throw the vehicle into gear and coast down a city hill.    A man out for a walk called police after seeing the vehicle coast by with a black Labrador retriever behind the wheel...
Martha Stewart asks for jail Domestic lifestyle guru Martha Stewart said yesterday she would go to jail as soon as possible following her recent conviction for lying about a share deal.
Global financial system is shock-proof The world #39;s financial system is in better shape than at any time since the pricking of the dotcom bubble and the September 11 terrorist attacks threw global markets into turmoil, the International Monetary Fund said yesterday.
Coca-Cola earnings dip 24 as sales lose fizz The Coca-Cola organisation yesterday blamed poor sales in the US and Europe, bad weather, new recycling laws and a lukewarm welcome for a new  quot;mid-calorie quot; Coke as it issued a profit warning.
Fight decline, don #39;t manage it, urges O #39;Reilly Jr The O #39;Reilly family, owners of the Independent and Independent on Sunday, rarely give press interviews. A solution to the sales decline at their UK newspapers has been equally elusive over the past decade, but 
XM Satellite Unveils Online Music Service XM Satellite Radio Holding Inc. on Wednesday said it would launch a commercial-free, Internet music service in early October. With XM Radio Online, subscribers will be able to listen to the 
Leverkusen hammer Real Madrid 3-0 Bayer Leverkusen, losing finalists to Real Madrid in 2002, hammered the Spaniards, 3-0, yesterday, the most stunning upset in the opening rotation of the Champions League.
Liverpool boss  quot;satisfied quot; after Monaco win Liverpool kicked off their Champions League campaign with an impressive 2-0 win over last season #39;s finalists, AS Monaco. Rafael Benitez #39;s side went ahead through a clever goal - Steven Gerrard and Luis Garcia 
NK account of blast may be true The United States said on Tuesday that last week #39;s blast in North Korea that stirred fears of a nuclear explosion might have been demolition work for a power project, as Pyongyang has asserted.
Microsoft to take direct shots at Linux rivals Redmond won't just fight the "cooler" open-source operating system--it's looking at Red Hat, Novell and IBM.
With new OS, Microsoft seeks couch potatoes' eyes New version of Media Center and accompanying "extenders" will make TV shows recorded on a PC available all over the house.
Update 3: OPEC Boosts Production Target 1 Million In an attempt to prove it can still influence the global oil market, OPEC boosted its production target by 1 million barrels a day and began lobbying oil producers that aren #39;t part of the cartel to follow suit.
Lion Nathan pours off brewery biz Lion Nathan Ltd, Australasia #39;s second-largest brewer, is to sell its China beer business to China Resources Snow Breweries (CRSB) for US\$154 million, the two companies announced yesterday.
Coke Says 2nd-Half Profit Will Miss Target he Coca-Cola Company warned yesterday that its earnings for the second half of the year would fall short of forecasts, citing competitive pressures in North America and unseasonably cool and rainy weather in Europe.
The Grapevine Is Whispering; It Says Mondavi he Mondavi family, who just a year ago gave up control of the corporation that bears its name, could be a long-shot bidder for its most famous winery.
Mickelson Says Equipment Change Won #39;t Hurt Him Phil Mickelson reiterated Wednesday that his performance at the Ryder Cup would not suffer because of his recent switch to using some Callaway golf equipment.
Stoutmire Out For Season With Knee Injury _ New York Giants free safety Omar Stoutmire is going to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury. Stoutmire, who started every game the last two years only to lose his job this 
Malik and Afridi have Kenyans in a spin This was another depressingly unedifying mismatch. Kenya were abject, sometimes comically naive, in surrendering nine wickets for 27 runs in only 63 balls as they were dismissed for 94, their third-lowest one-day international score.
Sailors rescued after 8-day drift off England Five sailors, who were stranded in a life raft in the sea for 8 days after their yacht sank, were rescued off the coast of Cornwall in southwest England by British coast guards on Wednesday.
Protestors disrupt fox hunting debate in British Parliament TONY EASTLEY: Hot on the heels of having Batman break into Buckingham Palace, protesters have run onto the floor of the British Parliament yelling at politicians as they debated a ban on fox hunting.
Expos Beat Marlins 10-4 to Sweep Twinbill (AP) AP - Tony Batista and Val Pascucci hit three-run homers to lift the Montreal Expos to a 10-4 victory and a doubleheader sweep of the Florida Marlins on Wednesday.
Infineon to Pay a Fine in the Fixing Of Chip Prices Federal prosecutors cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for three years.
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Thursday following Wall Street's weakness. The dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.
Muslim Player Who Sought Exemption Quits (AP) AP - A University of South Florida women's basketball player who wanted to wear Islamic clothing on the court quit the team on Wednesday.
Price Comparison for Drugs Is Put on Federal Web Site Over objections from some drug companies, the Bush administration unveiled a new feature on the Medicare Web site comparing prices for similar brand-name drugs.
Abandoning Computer Programs for Hands-On Rock In the studio, M83 relies largely on keyboards. But when M83 came to the Bowery Ballroom on Tuesday it looked more like a rock band.
Newmont scales back Peru operations Gold mining company Newmont Mining Corporation announced that operations at one of its mining projects were being scaled back due to safety concerns after a blockade of road access to the mine.
The Firefox Throwdown Firefox, the ass-kicking Mozilla Web browser, is just out of beta with a  quot;preview release. quot; It #39;s slim, it #39;s fast, and it #39;s feature-rich -- but can it possibly threaten the worldwide dominance of Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer?
Lara pleased by easy Windies win When you have spent the last two months staring grimly at your own navel, the need for a victory - any victory - assumes desperate proportions.
Predators re-sign D Zidlicky ----- NASHVILLE, Tennessee (Ticker) - The Nashville Predators did not let the impending NHL lockout disrupt their future plans as they re-signed defenseman Marek Zidlicky to a new contract Wednesday.
YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS We asked those affected by Hurricane Ivan, or those in its path, to e-mail us with their thoughts and experiences. The following are a selection of your replies.
Linux Standard Base Is Exactly What Platform Needs (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: To keep Linux on the right path to the enterpise, the new standard base is essential.
Howe to Go Quietly, but Wilpon Speaks Up Less than 23 months after they said they found everything they needed in Art Howe, the Mets on Wednesday officially admitted they were wrong.
U.S. Web Shoppers' Holiday Spending Up (Reuters) Reuters - Online consumers in the United\States spent  #36;8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in
Says Fed has helped by speaking clearly about rate hikes WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Global financial markets are stronger than at any time since the US stock market bubble burst in early 2000, according to an IMF report released Wednesday.
lawyer argues Ford sold unsafe police cars Ford Motor Co. continued to sell Crown Victoria police cars even after the deaths of several officers in fiery rear-end crashes showed the vehicles were unsafe, a lawyer 
Technical Problems Delay Russian Space Launch The launch of a Russian rocket to the International Space Station scheduled for October has been delayed because of problems with the docking system, the Russian Space Agency was quoted by Reuters as saying.
XM Satellite Radio to Broadcast on Web XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company #39;s discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users 
Sugiyama crashes out Japan #39;s Ai Sugiyama suffered a shock first-round loss as the top seeds had a bad day at the Wismilak International. Third-seed Sugiyama was fuming after her 6-4 7-6 (7-1) loss in Bali to Aiko Nakamura, who is 151 places below her in the world rankings.
Cricket: Lara backs Bangladesh to make progress SOUTHAMPTON, England : West Indies captain Brian Lara believes Bangladesh are making improvements as a cricketing nation, despite another heavy defeat at the Rose Bowl in the ICC Champions Trophy.
Notes: Greene out a week The Padres were dealt a blow Tuesday when it was discovered that Khalil Greene will be out of the lineup for at least a week. Their rookie shortstop sensation took a 
Judges Postpone Milosevic Trial for Month THE HAGUE, Netherlands Sept. 15, 2004 - Stalled by reluctant witnesses and an uncooperative defendant, judges in Slobodan Milosevic #39;s war crimes trial adjourned the proceedings for a month Wednesday to give 
Car bomb kills 47 in Baghdad at least 47 people in the deadliest single attack in the Iraqi capital in six months. responsibility for Tuesday #39;s blast, which it said was carried out by a suicide attacker.
Giants Lose Stoutmire for Season With Injury It was hard to imagine the situation getting worse for the Giants defense in the aftermath of the Eagles torching it with 330 passing yards, but the news that 
Greene expected to miss rest of season Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - San Diego Padres shortstop Khalil Greene is expected to miss the rest of the season with a broken bone in his right index finger.
Cubs beat Pirates again CHICAGO -- Sammy Sosa appears to have found his swing, and the timing couldn #39;t be better for the Chicago Cubs. Sosa hit his first grand slam in more than two years, and also had a solo homer as the Cubs hit 
Rising Population Growth Still an Issue, Says UNFPA UNITED NATIONS, Sep 15 (IPS) - The UN Population Fund (UNFPA) is dispelling a widespread notion -- prevalent mostly in Western countries -- that population growth has ceased to be a serious socio-economic problem primarily because of declining numbers.
Ivan May Delay or Move 49ers-Saints Game (AP) AP - The San Francisco 49ers' game Sunday in New Orleans could be moved or even postponed because of Hurricane Ivan, but the players and coaches are only worried about safety.
U.N. Reports Progress on Health, Poverty (AP) AP - Wealthy countries are falling billions of dollars short of their promises to help fund reproductive health care and improvements in the status of women around the world, the United Nations said Wednesday.
Blue Jays Beat Orioles 3-0 to End Skid (AP) AP - Ted Lilly pitched eight scoreless innings and the Toronto Blue Jays ended a four-game losing skid with a 3-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.
Nikkei Dips Techs, Steel Makers Fall  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent  by midday on Thursday with losses in shipping firms, steel  makers and several technology shares overshadowing gains in  selective small-cap stocks and firms with bright earnings  outlooks.
China Invites Moderate Democrats to Meetings -Paper  HONG KONG (Reuters) - China has invited four newly elected  pro-democracy lawmakers for talks in a conciliatory gesture  after weekend legislative elections, the South China Morning  Post reported on Thursday.
Blair sets asylum removal target Tony Blair says the government must do more to ensure failed asylum seekers are deported from the UK.
Nikkei Dips Techs, Steel Makers Fall (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent\by midday on Thursday with losses in shipping firms, steel\makers and several technology shares overshadowing gains in\selective small-cap stocks and firms with bright earnings\outlooks.
Dollar Firm After Upbeat U.S. Data (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar held firm against the yen and\the euro on Thursday on upbeat U.S. manufacturing data, but\many traders expected range-bound trading ahead of next week's\Federal Reserve meeting.
Pakistani Leader to Remain As Army Chief (AP) AP - Pakistani leader Pervez Musharraf backed out of a pledge to step down as army chief, slamming the door Wednesday on this key Washington ally's slow progress toward democracy five years after his bloodless coup.
Newmont Mining shuts down Peru mine after road blockade, protests DENVER Newmont Mining Corporation temporarily shut down a mine in Peru today after a two-week blockade of a road to the mine and thousands of workers protesting in the streets over concerns of the effects of new mining operations on water supplies.
Muscle wasting disease DNA mapped Genetics experts reported they have mapped chromosome 5 of the human genome, a coil of DNA linked to several rare but crippling disorders including spinal muscular atrophy.
Borland moving forward with SDO 15 Sep 2004, 16:01 GMT - Borland Software took a new direction this week, with the announcement of Software Delivery Optimization (SDO).
Canada claim world ice hockey title TORONTO: Canada squeezed past Finland 3-2 in the final of the World Cup of Hockey, sending a hockey-mad nation into raptures and defending its crown as undisputed champion of the international game.
Hughes named manager LONDON: Blackburn Rovers appointed Wales national coach Mark Hughes as their new manager last night, the Premiership club said.  quot;Blackburn announce tonight that Mark Hughes has been appointed manager with immediate effect, quot; Blackburn said in a statement.
PREVIEW- #39;Real #39; tournament begins at the Oval The Champions Trophy, despite still being at the pool stage, reaches its knockout phase when world champions Australia meet New Zealand at the Oval on Thursday.
With Hopkins fight ahead, De La Hoya takes look back Oscar De La Hoya #39;s fights have generated more than 8.5 million pay-per-view buys and nearly \$400 million, otherworldly figures for a non-heavyweight.
Final 10 tracks in title chase favor Gordon Four-time champion Jeff Gordon has the best chance of winning his fifth title at the end of NASCAR #39;s playoff-style 10-race Chase for the Nextel Cup based on past performances, USA TODAY database research shows.
China Invites Moderate Democrats to Meetings -Paper China has invited four newly elected pro-democracy lawmakers for talks in a conciliatory gesture after weekend legislative elections, the South China Morning Post reported on Thursday.
EDITORIAL:Nuke tests in S. Korea South Korea has admitted conducting experiments on nuclear materials in the past without the knowledge of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the UN nuclear watchdog.
Samuels Rebounds After suffering through the worst season of his career, Redskins left tackle Chris Samuels is dedicated to returning to Pro Bowl form.
WVU's Toughest Test As Saturday's kickoff nears, the message emerging from the West Virginia program is tempered with caution and is exceedingly respectful toward the Maryland Terrapins.
Riley, O's Take Loss Ted Lilly pitches eight scoreless innings and the Blue Jays end a four-game losing skid with a 3-0 victory over the Orioles on Wednesday.
Sanders at Receiver? With just four healthy wideouts heading into Sunday's home opener, the Ravens may give Deion Sanders a chance at wideout.
Faith First, Football Second Sean Johnson was at a Virginia football team meeting 2 1/2 years ago when he decided to embark on what he now calls the greatest experience of his life.
Wins Tough to Find The revamped ACC is one of the top football conferences in the country. But scheduling a non-BCS conference team at home doesn't guarantee a win any more.
New Clubs, Same Lefty? Five months after answering those who questioned his resolve with a one-shot victory at the Masters, Phil Mickelson is facing the critics once again this week at the Ryder Cup at Oakland Hills.
chipmaker Infineon admits price fixing German computer chipmaker Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a \$160 million fine, the Justice Department announced Wednesday.
Delta Revises 2003 Annual Report Delta Air Lines Inc. said Wednesday that it revised its 2003 annual report to disclose the possibility that the company will file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the near term.
JP Morgan To Take Back Tech Work Outsourced to IBM Undoing a technology outsourcing deal set in late 2002, JP Morgan Chase on Wednesday said it would take back 4,000 of IBM #39;s employees who have been providing the Wall Street firm with an array of technology support services.
Red Sox Hold Off Devil Rays 8-6 (AP) AP - Manny Ramirez hit a tiebreaking sacrifice fly, and Kevin Millar and Mark Bellhorn had two-run homers Wednesday night to lift the Boston Red Sox to an 8-6 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
Cardinals Move Closer to Division Title (AP) AP - Jim Edmonds' sacrifice fly snapped an eighth-inning tie and Matt Morris bounced back from one of his worst starts of the season, bringing the St. Louis Cardinals one step closer to the NL Central championship with a 4-2 victory over the Houston Astros on Wednesday night.
Shareholders Approve Aether Changeover (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Shareholders approved Aether Systems Inc.'s sale of one of its two remaining operating divisions yesterday, a deal that will take the Owings Mills company out of the wireless business and nearly complete its transformation into a mortgage investment fund.
Asian Stocks Head South on Wall Street  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares dipped on Thursday, as  tech shares followed U.S. counterparts lower after an  influential investment bank downgraded the sector.
Foreign Diplomats Visit Scene of N.Korean Blast  BEIJING (Reuters) - A group of foreign diplomats left  Pyongyang on Thursday to visit the scene of a mysterious  explosion in North Korea, an embassy official said.
Hotels, Union End Talks, Prepare for Strike Negotiators for 14 major District hotels walked out of contract talks with the union that represents 3,800 employees Wednesday afternoon, raising the prospect of a work stoppage at the city's largest hotels.
Airline Woes Reach Across The Atlantic ROME, Sept. 15 -- The airline industry shakeout that forced U.S. Airways Group Inc. into bankruptcy this week is rippling through Europe as well, with some forecasters predicting that only a handful of the continent's airlines can survive, and Italian authorities scrambling this week to keep national carrier Alitalia SpA aloft.
The Moment That Starts a Makeover? NEW YORK, Sept. 15 -- After her sentencing on July 16, Martha Stewart angrily denounced the case against her as a "circus event" and vowed, Terminator-style: "I'll be back."
Mortgage Regulator To Keep Agency Job Armando Falcon Jr., director of the agency that regulates mortgage funding giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, appears likely to stay on the job past the expiration of his five-year term next month, though he submitted his resignation more than a year and half ago under pressure from the White House.
Putin's Governors Plan Confirms His Control Long before President Vladimir Putin decided this week to eliminate the popular election of governors and appoint them himself, Putin effectively controlled who would lead Russia's diverse regions.
Between Old Allies, A Sweeping Divide The rebels from the village of Mona Quibundo fought on the same side with Marceal Miji Itengo during Angola's civil war. But their lives have gone in starkly different directions during the country's troubled peace.
ID Biomedical signs distribution agreements for flu vaccine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK, December 6 (newratings.com) - ID Biomedical Corp (IDBE.NAS) announced today that it has signed a ten-year US distribution agreement for its Fluviral treatment, expected to generate \$2.5 billion in sales and offset the shortage of flu vaccines 
For Mexicans, a Chorus of Patriotism Citizens of Mexico pause to celebrate 150th anniversary of the country's national anthem.
Law pays tribute to record-breaking Ruud Manchester United legend Denis Law led the tributes to Ruud van Nistelrooy after the Dutchman broke his club record for goals in European competition.
NHL season in jeopardy as players locked out The fears of many hockey fans came true on Wednesday, with the NHL board of governors giving unanimous support to a player lockout.
Milosevic trial suspended The trial of Slobodan Milosevic has been suspended in Hague to allow the defense lawyers assigned to the former Yugoslav president more time to prepare their case.
For Anwar, the top prize is still as elusive as ever Malaysia #39;s highest court yesterday declined to overturn a conviction for corruption against former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim.
Crew of 5 rescued after week in life raft For almost seven days, they drifted off the Cornish coast in a tiny inflatable raft, at the mercy of rough seas, battered by huge waves and high winds.
CPC #39;s plenum to find ways to prolong  #39;moral right #39; to rule Beijing, Sept. 16. (PTI): Facing unprecedented challenges to its authority, China #39;s ruling Communist Party elites are meeting here from today to chalk out ways to prolong their one-party rule in the world #39;s most populous nation.
NHL to Lock Out Players on Thursday (AP) AP - The National Hockey League is locking out its players starting Thursday, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season and perhaps beyond in an effort by management to gain massive change in the sport's economic structure.
China Aviation Oil says chief will return to Singapore By Andrew Yeh and Francesco Guerrera in Hong Kong and Mure Dickie in Beijing. He has been in China on  quot;family matters quot; since late November but plans to return soon to answer investigators #39; inquiries, the Singapore 
Asian Stocks Head South on Wall Street (Reuters) Reuters - Asian shares dipped on Thursday, as\tech shares followed U.S. counterparts lower after an\influential investment bank downgraded the sector.
Australian PM refutes Annan claims Iraq war 'illegal' (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard refuted claims by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan that the Iraq war was  quot;illegal quot;, saying it had been justified by UN Security Council resolutions.
Bonds Stays at 699 Homers As Giants Win MILWAUKEE - Barry Bonds barely missed his 700th homer, but J.T. Snow connected following yet another walk to the San Francisco slugger and the Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8-1 behind Brett Tomko's four-hitter Wednesday night...
For Martha, It #39;s Time to Do Time By serving her sentence now, the domestic diva gives her company a better shot at reviving its badly damaged fortunes. Although more famous for her artistic instincts around the home, Martha Stewart knows her math, too.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Fall; Dollar Up Against Yen Tokyo stocks fell Thursday morning following Wall Street #39;s weakness. The dollar was higher against the Japanese yen. The benchmark Nikkei Stock Average of 225 issues was down 15.
Wall Street stocks shed on downbeat Coca-Cola outlook &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Wall Street stocks fell Wednesday as a gloomy outlook from Coca-Cola Co. and a weaker reading on industrial production for August pressured on the market.
Coke goes flat as poor sales prompt warning Wall Street went sour on Coca-Cola yesterday after the soft drinks giant unnerved investors with a profit warning that sent the shares tumbling.
Egyptians treated animals like kings Ancient Egyptians revered cats and other animals and took as much care in preparing them for their passage to the next life as they did with humans, scientists said Wednesday.
Giants 8, Brewers 1 Barry Bonds barely missed his 700th homer, but JT Snow connected following yet another walk to the San Francisco slugger and the Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 8-1 behind Brett Tomko #39;s four-hitter Wednesday night.
China threatens to veto UN Darfur draft UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China has threatened to veto a revised US draft resolution that would consider UN sanctions against Sudans oil industry if Khartoum does not stop atrocities in its Darfur region, diplomats reported on Wednesday.
Iraq war illegal: Annan United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan has told the BBC that the US-led invasion of Iraq was an illegal act that contravened the UN Charter.
Court crushes Anwar #39;s comeback bid Former deputy leader Anwar Ibrahim claimed yesterday that Malaysia #39;s highest court bent to government pressure in a ruling that bars his return to elected office before 2008, despite his recent release from prison.
No decision taken by Musharraf on army chief post: Pakistani &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s information minister retracted his statement that President Pervez Musharraf would retain his position as head of the powerful army.
Employers Begin to Get The Message Jonathan Anderson and Varghese George take opposite approaches to workplace use of instant messaging, an electronic method for exchanging quick text messages between colleagues. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
IBM to sell computer unit, in talks with China #39;s Lenovo NEW YORK, New York, United States of America -- International Business Machines (IBM) Corp has put its computer business up for sale, the New York Times said Friday, quoting people close to negotiations.
Throw the book at ... everybody No doubt that Frank Francisco should have the book thrown at him for what he did in Oakland Monday night. But for that matter, so should the rest of us, for condoning the type of behavior that preceded the Texas Rangers relief pitcher #39;s errant toss.
Putin #39;s  #39;New Deal #39; for Russia Is Russia giving up on democracy? Russian President Vladimir Putin certainly seems to be suggesting that possibility. He introduced a plan that would restrict elections in Russia and would  quot;radically restructure 
Three headless corpses found north of Baghdad The decapitated bodies of three men, their heads strapped to their backs, were found dumped in nylon bags by a roadside north of Baghdad on Wednesday, Iraqi police and US officials said.
China party chief rules out full democracy Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out Western-style democracy 
Johnson Breaks Strikeout Record by Lefties (AP) AP - Randy Johnson got his 4,137th strikeout Wednesday night, breaking Steve Carlton's major league record for left-handers and moving into third place overall on the career list.
OPEC likely to keep output high The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is likely to keep production close to a 25-year high to prevent shortages during the US winter, OPEC officials said.
Mello Upsets Fish at Delray Beach (AP) AP - Ricardo Mello upset second-seeded Mardy Fish 5-7, 6-4, 6-4 Wednesday and advanced to the third round of the Millennium International Tennis Championships.
NL Wrap: Sosa Belts Two Homers as Cubs Pound Pirates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Sammy Sosa belted a pair of home runs,  including his first grand slam in more than two years, as the  Chicago Cubs pounded the Pittsburgh Pirates 13-5 in National  League at Wrigley Field on Wednesday.
Dollar Near 1-Week High Vs Euro  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar held near one-week highs  against the euro and the Swiss franc on Thursday after U.S.  manufacturing figures came in much stronger than expected.
Tokyo Stocks Lower  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent  by midday on Thursday with losses in shippers, steel makers and  several technology shares overshadowing gains in select  small-cap stocks and firms with bright earnings outlooks.
Seahawks RB Alexander Listed as Questionable  KIRKLAND, Wash., (Sports Network) - Seattle Seahawks  running back Shaun Alexander was listed as questionable  Wednesday after missing practice due to a bruised right knee.
Adams backs power-sharing plan Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams has put the pressure for the success or failure of the Northern Ireland assembly talks firmly on the shoulders of Ian Paisley.
Alitalia agrees to new contracts Alitalia took a step on Tuesday toward resolving the labor disputes that have threatened to push it into bankruptcy, agreeing to new contracts with its 2,300 pilots.
FCC Chief Pushes TV Via High-Speed Internet Lines US Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell on Wednesday said technology and telecommunications companies are racing to develop ways to pipe television 
Kofi Annan: Globally Popular Mainstay of the UN Having dedicated more than 40 years to the United Nations, the seventh Secretary General Kofi Annan is a well-liked and admired global figure.
China Communists Meet as Succession Rumors Swirl China #39;s Communist Party opened a four-day, closed-door meeting on Thursday that will decide whether military chief Jiang Zemin completes a leadership succession by passing on his last post to party chief Hu Jintao.
Under-fire UN chief deserves fair treatment: newspaper United Nations (UN) Secretary-General Kofi Annan has become the target of escalating attacks in the United States over suspected corruption in the body #39;s now-defunct oil-for-food humanitarian programme for Iraq.
Germany's neo-Nazis change look to attract disgruntled voters (AFP) AFP - Holger Apfel cuts a clean look in his Miami Vice-style white suit and black T-shirt and is the new image of a German far-right that is likely to cause an upset in Sunday's state elections.
Expos' Former Limited Partners Seek Block (AP) AP - Lawyers for the former limited partners of the Montreal Expos plan to ask a federal judge to block major league baseball from moving the team.
Turncoats Becoming a Problem in Russia (AP) AP - Russian police investigating the deadly Beslan school siege are looking inside their own squad house: One of the attack organizers was allegedly a former cop who disappeared six years ago.
Australia to test unmanned aircraft for protecting its oilfields (AFP) AFP - Australia is to test unmanned surveillance aircraft as a means of protecting vital offshore oil and gas installations against terrorist attacks, the government said.
AL Wrap: Silva Stifles White Sox as Twins Win Again  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Carlos Silva tossed a one-hitter  before leaving the game with a bruised ankle as the Minnesota  Twins won their eighth straight game, downing the Chicago White  Sox 6-1 on Wednesday.
Jeter Is Having Fun When the Games Mean the Most Javier Vazquez reversed his free fall with seven three-hit innings and Derek Jeter went 3 for 4 in the Yankees' second straight shutout victory.
With Bonds Swinging for History, Cheap Seats Become Priceless By Monday, the right-field bleachers at Miller Park were sold out in anticipation of Barry Bonds's 700th homer while many of the best field-level seats remained.
Markets punish Martha further Martha Stewart just can #39;t catch a break. Shares in her former company rose another 12 cents yesterday, to \$11.26, continuing a recovery that began soon after her conviction.
Coke #39;s flat earnings pop Wall Street rally, expectations US stocks fizzed downward yesterday after Coca-Cola Co. and other firms reported disappointing sales and earnings projections - giving Wall Street a case of indigestion amid concern that the days of fat corporate profits may be over.
Tokyo Stocks Lower Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average fell 0.14 percent by midday on Thursday with losses in shippers, steel makers and several technology shares overshadowing gains in select small-cap 
FCC chief considers wireless merger Federal Communications Commission Chairman Michael Powell said yesterday he #39;ll probably issue a recommendation this month on whether to approve Cingular Wireless LLC #39;s \$41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.
Bill Gates e-mail ID plan rejected SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp was dealt a setback on Tuesday after the Internet Engineering Task Force decided not to adopt Microsoft #39;s e-mail sender ID standard that would make it easier for Internet providers to block unwanted junk e-mail.
Starry nights clearest in Antarctica A high, almost windless spot in the central region of the Antarctic plateau is the best place on Earth to view the stars, according to the first results from a small, automated telescope.
Fish falls early again The second-seeded Fish gave away a lead in a 5-7, 6-4, 6-4 loss to Ricardo Mello of Brazil on Wednesday night in a second-round match at the \$380,000 Millennium International tennis tournament.
Bonds fails to hit No. 700; Giants maintain wild card lead Milwaukee, WI (Sports Network) - Barry Bonds did not homer, but JT Snow and Deivi Cruz did, and Brett Tomko threw a complete game to lead the San Francisco Giants to an 8-1 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers at Miller Park.
AL Wrap: Silva Stifles White Sox as Twins Win Again Carlos Silva tossed a one-hitter before leaving the game with a bruised ankle as the Minnesota Twins won their eighth straight game, downing the Chicago White Sox 6-1 on Wednesday.
NL Wrap: Sosa Belts Two Homers as Cubs Pound Pirates Sammy Sosa belted a pair of home runs, including his first grand slam in more than two years, as the Chicago Cubs pounded the Pittsburgh Pirates 13-5 in National League at Wrigley Field on Wednesday.
Iraq war was illegal, claims Annan United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan has revealed that he believes the war on Iraq was  quot;illegal quot;. Mr Annan said the war was  quot;not in conformity quot; with the UN Security Council or with the UN Charter.
Judge Dismisses Charges Vs. Bush Protester (AP) AP - A judge has dismissed charges against a war protester who was arrested during a visit by President Bush last spring.
Senate Panel Votes to Derail New OT Rules (AP) AP - A Senate committee voted Wednesday to scuttle new rules that critics say would deny overtime pay to millions of workers, as Democrats won the latest round in their election-year bout with President Bush over the issue.
Carmakers Face Huge Retiree Health Care Costs For older domestic manufacturers like General Motors, health care represents a severe financial burden.
Alzheimer's in the Living Room: How One Family Rallies to Cope For the caregivers of patients, life is an act of stoic devotion that most families embrace as the antithesis of a nursing home.
OPEC to boost production target OPEC will increase its oil production target by 1 million barrels a day later this year in a move widely viewed as more symbolic than significant, given 
NHTSA plan calls for monitors in wheels Federal officials Wednesday proposed requiring automakers to install monitors in each wheel on a car to warn drivers when pressure falls more than 25 in any of the tires.
Russian spaceship glitch may delay next launch to ISS A technical glitch with a docking system of a Russian spaceship might postpone the next crew #39;s launch to the International Space Station by five to 10 days, media 
** For the latest news, please refresh this page regularly ** Finally...the most anticipated fight of the year is upon us. I guess there #39;s really no need to bore you with an analytical breakdown of how the fight #39;s going to play out since everybody and their 
MLB: Atlanta 2, New York Mets 0 John Thomson threw shutout ball for seven innings Wednesday night in carrying Atlanta to a 2-0 blanking of the New York Mets. New York lost for the 21st time in 25 games on the 
National League Game Summary - Houston at St. Louis St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Jim Edmonds homered and delivered the go- ahead run in the eighth inning on a sacrifice fly, leading the St.
Sharon government in jeopardy Last Sunday, tens of thousands of Israeli citizens filled the streets of Jerusalem in protest of the long awaited, long overdue Israeli withdrawal of approximately 8,000 Jewish settlers from Gaza.
Beard Leads Mystics Alana Beard scores 22 points as the Mystics beat the San Antonio, 84-73, Wednesday for their fourth straight win.
Saints Avoid Ivan With Hurricane Ivan threatening New Orleans, the Saints will practice in San Antonio. They are scheduled to play the San Francisco 49ers at home Sunday.
DOE seeks reduction of oil prices Energy Secretary Vince Perez Thursday called on oil companies to reduce oil prices in two weeks #39; time following a decision by the Organization of Oil Exporting Countries (OPEC) to raise its supply quota by 1 million barrels a day.
VW and union square up over wage offers Volkswagen (VW) and its workers headed into crucial wage negotiations yesterday that will sorely test the tradition of labour-management co-operation at the car maker as it struggles 
NHL players should try a reality check Labor disputes between rich athletes and even wealthier owners are always sickening. In this NHL cold war, both sides will be bruised a little.
Homer-happy Cubs beat Bucs CHICAGO -- From the moment the Pirates saw the flags flapping in a 16 mph breeze toward left field Wednesday afternoon, it had the makings of a long day at Wrigley Field.
Cingular Makes Phone for Vision-Impaired (AP) AP - A new cellular application promises to help vision-impaired people who can't read the screen of a mobile phone. It responds to spoken commands with voice recognition technology and reads back menu options, text messages, and other information to the user.
Red Sox Stay Hot Kevin Millar and Mark Bellhorn hit two-run homers Wednesday to lift the Red Sox to a 8-6 victory over the Devil Rays.
Stewart to Begin Serving Sentence Soon NEW YORK Sept. 16, 2004 - In a bid to  quot;reclaim my good life quot; and rid her company of a cloud of scandal, Martha Stewart plans to surrender within weeks to begin serving her five-month prison sentence.
Casinos are dealt \$1.3 bil Gamblers left more than \$1.3 billion in Arizona Indian casinos in fiscal 2004, demonstrating an appetite for slot machines and cards that shows no signs of ebbing.
Bolt explosion could delay next Soyuz launch The explosion of a bolt could have damaged the Soyuz spacecraft set to carry a new crew to the International Space Station, and the Russian space agency says resulting safety 
NHL: No Hockey League National Hockey League Commissioner Gary Bettman has locked the players out, but he isnt speculating on how far he is going to throw the key.
Boxing: Hopkins fighting for place among greats If Bernard Hopkins beats Oscar De La Hoya in what should be the richest non-heavyweight fight in history early on Sunday, he will cement his place among the great middleweights of all time.
Opposition cries foul on Rashid #39;s remarks: Musharraf #39;s army post ISLAMABAD, Sept 15: Opposition parties on Wednesday reacted strongly to the statement of Information Minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmed and termed it an announcement on behalf of the president 
Violence Across Iraq Kills 12 Iraqi officials say at least 12 people were killed and 16 wounded in more incidents of violence across the country Wednesday. They say 10 people were killed and six wounded in an exchange of gunfire between 
Slugger may not be cuddly, but no denying greatness MILWAUKEE -- How many home runs does Barry Bonds have to hit to get beyond the lack-of-lovability issue? The correct answer is: It just doesn #39;t matter.
Florida Examines Higher Insurance Deductibles Reduced coverage means the hurricane's impact on insurance companies will be muted. And that is fostering anger among some politicians in Florida.
I.B.M. Shrugs Off Loss of a Service Contract It Once Flaunted The cancellation of a \$5 billion outsourcing contract with J.P. Morgan Chase reveals a huge potential exposure for I.B.M.
Stewart to Begin Serving Sentence Soon NEW YORK - In a bid to "reclaim my good life" and rid her company of a cloud of scandal, Martha Stewart plans to surrender within weeks to begin serving her five-month prison sentence.    Stewart, at a choreographed news conference before a brilliant array of color swatches, said Wednesday she will continue to appeal her conviction - but will head for prison anyway to end what she called a personal nightmare...
Corporate software maker narrowly tops expectations LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Oracle shares jumped Wednesday morning after the corporate software giant #39;s quarterly results narrowly outpaced expectations overnight, with strength at its core database operations offsetting declines in its applications business.
Alitalia Delays Key Vote The Italian airline Alitalia said on Wednesday that it had delayed by five days, until Monday, the final approval to its bailout plan, which includes 5,000 layoffs.
BA to axe 1,000 Heathrow flights British Airways is canceling almost 1,000 Heathrow flights over the next three months in a move it says will protect its operational performance.
Also, airline says bankruptcy filing possible in  #39;near term #39; SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The auditor for Delta Air Lines raised doubts about the future of the nation #39;s third-largest carrier in a regulatory filing late Wednesday as the company also sharpened its warning about filing for bankruptcy protection.
Wall Street Journal to Start Saturday Issue he Wall Street Journal announced yesterday that it would begin publishing a Saturday issue starting in the fall of 2005. By following its business readers home for the weekend, the newspaper 
Industrial Growth Missed Forecast in August Growth in industrial output nearly stalled last month as production cuts at mines and utilities almost outweighed a strong performance at factories, a report from the Federal Reserve showed on Wednesday.
Sender ID Hiccups Unlikely to Derail E-Mail Identity Disputes over Microsoft #39;s intellectual-property claims to its Sender ID technology are unlikely to slow the push toward developing a secure e-mail identity, according to e-mail industry representatives.
UPI NewsTrack Sports With the expiration of the NHL #39;s collective bargaining agreement, the league locked out its players at midnight Wednesday. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman announced earlier in the 
McKenzie back in Green Bay GREEN BAY, Wis. - Cornerback Mike McKenzie returned to the Green Bay Packers yesterday after holding out throughout training camp and missing the season opener.
Bonds still on hold for 700 Club Miller Park fans seemed far more disappointed Wednesday night at missing a chance to witness history than seeing the San Francisco Giants embarrass their Milwaukee Brewers.
Sanctions cannot solve crisis in Sudan The threatened sanctions championed by the United States and the European Union (EU) on Sudan could not help solve the crisis in the African country, saida leading Chinese newspaper Thursday.
Pervez will stay on as Army chief ISLAMABAD: Pervez Musharraf will stay on as head of Pakistan #39;s armed forces as well as the President, the information minister said on Wednesday, despite a previous promise that he would give up his military post by the end of the year.
Negotiations Seek End to IRA Threat (AP) AP - The British and Irish governments summoned rival Northern Ireland parties to a moat-surrounded castle Thursday in hopes of crafting a new peace deal for the British territory.
Indonesia Blast Suspects Eluded Capture (AP) AP - One's dubbed "the demolition man," a low and high explosives expert. The other's known for his skills in recruiting suicide bombers for the deadliest al-Qaida-linked terrorist attacks in Southeast Asia that have killed westerners and Muslims alike.
Oil Shoots Up as Ivan Hits U.S. Shores  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Thursday as  Hurricane Ivan reached the U.S. Gulf Coast, having shut more  than 1 million barrels of daily output in the Gulf of Mexico  and 13 percent of refining capacity in the United States.
Opec to raise production VIENNA: The Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries on Wednesday decided to increase its official output by 1 million barrels per day from November 1, Iranian oil minister Bijan Namdar Zangeneh and his Algerian counterpart Chakib Khelil said.
Judge overturns  #39;Robin Hood #39; A state district judge declared the school funding system unconstitutional Wednesday, saying Texas faces a bleak future if it fails to spend more on public education.
IMF: no sign of house price fall There is no strong evidence that house prices will fall, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has said. Higher interest rates might slow the growth of house prices, but the IMF does not see a fall in house prices, it said in its biannual report.
Space station crew change may be delayed The launch of a Soyuz spacecraft with new astronauts for the international space station could face a delay of several days so experts can examine a potential docking system problem, the Russian Federal Space Agency said Wednesday.
Pekerman looks like favorite to coach Argentina Jose Pekerman emerged as favourite to take over as Argentina coach on Wednesday after original first choice Carlos Bianchi turned down the job, Argentina Football Association president Julio Grondona said.
Souness wants passionate Newcastle start Graeme Souness will demand his players play with passion as he begins his reign as Newcastle United manager. Newcastle face Hapoel Bnei Sakhnin in tonight #39;s UEFA Cup clash and Souness said:  quot;I #39;m aware Bobby had an 8-0 win in his first game in charge.
Injury fears allayed over Celtic #39;s McNamara Injury fears over Celtic skipper Jackie McNamara have subsided after a scan revealed he has not broken his ankle. It was initially feared that McNamara had broken his ankle after a clash against Barcelona #39;s Ludovic Giuly on Tuesday night.
Musharaf likely to retain post of army chief Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is likely to retain the post of army chief after Dec. 31 although he promised to take off the uniform by the end of this year, Dawn reported Thursday.
13 killed, 3 bodies found in Iraq BAGHDAD, Sept 15: American troops found three bodies and their severed heads north of Baghdad on Wednesday while 13 people died in clashes in Ramadi, two more in a car bomb attack and two Iraqis employed by the US Army were shot in the north.
Bangladesh bus accident kills 22 At least 22 people in southern Bangladesh have been killed in a head-on collision between a bus and a lorry, police say.
US markets drop MUMBAI: US stocks fell on Wednesday amid earnings warnings from Coca-Cola amid news that industrial output in August managed only meagre gain.
Israelis Back Gaza Pull-Out, Want Referendum (CPOD) Sept. 16, 2004 - Many residents of Israel believe their prime ministers proposal to reduce the number of Israelis living among Palestinians should be put to a nationwide vote, according to a poll by TNS/Teleseker.
Oil Shoots Up as Ivan Hits U.S. Shores (Reuters) Reuters - World oil prices rose on Thursday as\Hurricane Ivan reached the U.S. Gulf Coast, having shut more\than 1 million barrels of daily output in the Gulf of Mexico\and 13 percent of refining capacity in the United States.
Rangers Clobber Athletics 10-3 (AP) AP - Mark Mulder has lost his edge, and the Oakland Athletics are in ever-greater danger of losing their spot atop the AL West. Mark Teixeira hit a three-run homer off Mulder, and the Texas Rangers kept creeping back into the playoff chase with a 10-3 victory over the A's on Wednesday night.
Padres Defeat Dodgers 7-3 (AP) AP - Brian Lawrence settled down after a shaky start to pitch six solid innings, and Brian Giles had three hits including a tiebreaking homer Wednesday night to lead the San Diego Padres over the Los Angeles Dodgers 7-3.
Report: Japan May Sanction Citibank (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's financial regulators may suspend\or even end some private banking operations at the Japanese\commercial banking unit of U.S. financial services firm\Citigroup Inc., the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on Thursday.
Mariners Edge Angels 1-0 (AP) AP - Ryan Franklin ended an 11-game losing streak, outpitching John Lackey to lead the Seattle Mariners to a 1-0 win over the Anaheim Angels on Wednesday night.
Bush Campaign Trail Stops at White House (AP) AP - Enmeshed in his re-election campaign, President Bush rarely spends a full day at the White House. But even when he does, presidential politics and campaign pitches remain close at hand.
Report: Japan May Sanction Citibank  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulators may suspend  or even end some private banking operations at the Japanese  commercial banking unit of U.S. financial services firm  Citigroup Inc., the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on Thursday.
U.S. Mint to Unveil New Nickel Designs (AP) AP - There's change in store for Thomas Jefferson  #151; on the nickel that is. He's getting his first makeover since his likeness was put on the coin in 1938.
Fresh doubts over Delta Air Lines Auditors at  Delta Air Lines raise doubts about the company's ability to stay  in business.
Big Unit Becomes All-Time Lefty Strikeout King  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - Randy Johnson became the  all-time major league strikeout leader among left-handed  pitchers on a night he led the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 3-2  win over the Colorado Rockies in the third of a four- game set  at Bank One Ballpark.
Safin and Nalbandian Reach Second Round in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - Russian Marat Safin reached the second  round of the rain-hit China Open with a 6-4, 7-5 victory over  American Alex Bogomolov on Thursday.
Rangers Clobber Athletics 10-3 OAKLAND, Calif. - Mark Mulder has lost his edge, and the Oakland Athletics are in ever-greater danger of losing their spot atop the AL West...
Bush Campaign Trail Stops at White House WASHINGTON - Enmeshed in his re-election campaign, President Bush rarely spends a full day at the White House. But even when he does, presidential politics and campaign pitches remain close at hand...
UNLV names Utah #39;s Sanford as head coach Calling UNLV  quot;a gold mine, quot; Mike Sanford took over as coach of the Runnin #39; Rebels on Monday after two years as offensive coordinator at high-scoring Utah.
Bush, Kerry battle over science President George W. Bush and his rival for the White House, John Kerry, are put under the microscope this week for their record on science, health and the environment.
Ryder Cup underdogs pack a bite Ask the question a dozen times and you #39;ll get a dozen answers. Or a dozen shrugs, because nobody really knows. Every two years at the Ryder Cup, the Americans send out a team that looks, on paper, unbeatable.
Bonds whiffs with fans MILWAUKEE -- San Francisco Giants manager Felipe Alou hopes Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run -- whenever it comes -- will change the public #39;s perception of the surly slugger.
Russia #39;s new czar? Russian President Vladimir Putin barely left time for the funerals before cynically exploiting the deaths of more than 300 children and adults.
Negotiations Seek End to IRA Threat The British and Irish governments summoned rival Northern Ireland parties to a moat-surrounded castle Thursday in hopes of crafting a new peace deal for the British territory.
US, EU Talk Aircraft Subsidies Two of US Trade Representative Robert Zoellick #39;s top aides are in Brussels today meeting with their European Union counterparts trying to put an end to what the US claims are unfair subsidies to Airbus Industries.
Kofi Annan declares US invasion of Iraq illegal ELEANOR HALL: The Prime Minister has found himself again defending his policy on Iraq, after the United Nations Secretary-General, Kofi Annan, said today that the US-led invasion was illegal and that the elections planned for Iraq in January would not be 
Caymans slowly recovering from Ivan A representative of the Cayman Islands has said that the island nation is getting back on its feet after the weekend onslaught of Hurricane Ivan.
News: Feds say Lamo inspired other hackers Prosecutors blame the New York Times hacker for inspiring others of his generation to become cyber outlaws.\
Report: Bribes Got Bomb Suspects on Planes (AP) AP - Russian authorities believe that two Chechen women suspected of blowing up Russian passenger jets last month got on the planes by paying bribes, media reports said.
TV row threatens Australia Tests, warns India's cricket board (AFP) AFP - India's cricket chiefs went into an emergency huddle amid fears next month's home series against world champions Australia will be cancelled if a television rights imbroglio is not resolved.
John Madden First you have to look at the Dallas Cowboys. Last year they won 10 games, made the playoffs, and of course lost to the Carolina Panthers who went onto the Super Bowl.
Kerry Tries to Turn Campaign Against Bush (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.
Hurricane Ivan pushes oil higher World oil prices are on the rise, as Hurricane Ivan threatens to disrupt oil flow in the Gulf of Mexico.
Cal coach gets extension BERKELEY, Calif. (CP) - Former CFL player and coach Jeff Tedford agreed to a five-year extension Monday with the University of California that will see him remain under contract as the school #39;s head football coach through 2009.
WADA Chief: Marion Jones Could be Turning Point in Effort to Rid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The chief of the World Anti-Doping Agency says drug allegations surrounding US Olympic sprint champion Marion Jones could become a turning point in efforts to rid sports of drugs.
Apple bitten by watchdog UK watchdog the Office of Fair Trading is investigating claims that Apple is ripping off its UK customers. The investigation follows a complaint that UK customers were having to shell out more for the reassuringly 
AOL dumps sender ID According to internetnews.com, AOL has dumped the idea following concerns expressed by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF), coupled with the tepid support for Sender ID in the open source community.
Gnome 2.8 Desktop released A NEW version of the open Sauce desktop Gnome is on the net for Linux users to play with. Gnome 2.8 includes Evolution 2.0, the open-source e-mail and groupware client that looks like Microsoft Outlook if 
NHL lockout begins The NHL is locking out its players starting today, threatening to keep the sport off the ice for the entire 2004-05 season and perhaps beyond in an effort by management to effect massive change in the sport #39;s economic structure.
Bout shapes De La Hoya career Oscar De La Hoya is an underdog for the first time in his career and he doesn #39;t seem quite sure what to make of it. I know in my mind this is the one, #39; #39; said the Golden Boy.
Gunmen Seize Three British Citizens in Baghdad Gunmen snatched three British citizens, believed to be civilians, from a house in central Baghdad early on Thursday, Iraq #39;s Interior Ministry said.
SINGH CELEBRATES TOP AWARD Vijay Singh, who this year became the first player to surpass 10 million US dollars (5.2million) in a single season, was delighted to be named the US PGA Tour #39;s Player of the Year.
A Queens Garden Gives New Meaning to 'Green' Flushing Meadows-Corona Park in Queens has broken ground for a \$12 million renovation featuring geothermal energy and recycled rainwater.
They're Robots? Those Beasts! Researchers developing robotic lobsters, flies, dogs and cockroaches believe that machines inspired by biology will be able to operate in places where today's robots cannot go.
Pakistan Offers Amnesty to Terror Suspects (AP) AP - After a series of bloody clashes in its border regions, Pakistan on Thursday again offered amnesty to foreign militants, but vowed to defeat them by force if they didn't lay down their weapons.
The Battle of Algiers Revisited In September of 2003 the Bush administration telegraphed their intent to use torture on prisoners in Iraq when they screened Gillo Pontecorvo's 1965 film The Battle of Algiers for officials in the Pentagon.
Opec to cool crude boil with additional gallons : Opec on Wednesday lifted oil supply quotas by one million barrels a day, 4 per cent, in a renewed bid to force down stubbornly high world crude prices.
Coke takes the fizz out of Wall St A profit warning from Coca-Cola took the fizz out of leading Wall St shares and sent the main indices sharply lower. At the closing bell, the Dow Jones was down 86.
MGM DEAL FALLOUT MAY MEAN TIME WARNER-COMCAST FEUD Comcast swooped in to save Sony Corp. #39;s bid for MGM Corp., but highly-placed people on Wall Street are now wondering what the real price will be.
Owners put the NHL on ice A lockout of the NHL #39;s players, the second in the past 10 years, officially commenced Wednesday at 10:01 pm It was a motion declared by commissioner Gary Bettman Wednesday 
WHAT THE PAPERS SAY THE SUN: Glenn Hoddle is being lined up for a shock return to Southampton. Also: John Toshack has emerged as the No 1 choice to become Wales manager after Mark Hughes was named Blackburn #39;s new boss last night.
Aussies cant wait to face Black Caps London: Australian cricketers are hungry for some action and ravenous to get stuck into New Zealands one-day team at The Oval, captain Ricky Ponting said on Wednesday.
McNamara likely to return to action in six weeks CELTIC received a boost yesterday with the news that Jackie McNamara should be back in action within six weeks. The Celtic captain was stretchered off in the second half of the 3-1 Champions League defeat 
Sanctions cannot solve crisis in Sudan: Signed article Recently in spite of Sudan #39;s opposition and criticism from international community the US is ready to go ahead with submitting a resolution to the UN Security Council for sanctions against Sudan.
Rescued crew talk of  quot;exhausting and frightening quot; ordeal A crew of five rescued off the coast of Cornwall after spending eight days adrift in a liferaft have spoken of their  quot;exhausting and frightening quot; ordeal.
Respectful Ravens Prepare for Steelers (AP) AP - The Baltimore Ravens have put a lid on the trash talk this week. With an 0-1 record, a depleted offensive line and a thin receiving corps, the defending AFC North champs have more on their minds than merely trading barbs with their hated rivals, the Pittsburgh Steelers.
'Little Santana' Makes Big Plays for Miami (AP) AP - Miami receiver Sinorice Moss looks a lot like his older brother Santana  #151; on and off the field.
Oracle readies major app server upgrade SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle on Wednesday will introduce Oracle Application Server 10g Release 2, which is being characterized as a significant upgrade to the product with improvements in Java, Web services, and identity management and the addition of RFID backing.
Men Seized in Baghdad Were Americans, British - Police  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The three foreign men kidnapped from  their house in central Baghdad on Thursday were two Americans  and one Briton, Iraq's Interior Ministry said.
South Korea Aiming for Early October Nuclear Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea plans to intensify diplomatic  efforts to hold six-way talks on North Korea's nuclear programs  in early October now chances look slim for a meeting this  month, the foreign minister told Reuters on Thursday.
Patriots see no patsies Bill Belichick has been able to motivate the Patriots to rise to the elite level of the NFL, so his ability to  quot;sell quot; his team's next foe, the Arizona Cardinals, shouldn't be a surprise.
NHL locks players out; outlook dim  National Hockey League commissioner Gary Bettman, painting a bleak picture of the league's economic state, yesterday locked out players from training camps, which were to open this week, and cast doubt on the prospects for a 2004-05 season because of severe differences with the league's Players' Association.
Ten times two equals one NASCAR champ NASCAR's 2004 season has finally come to this: The Last Ten. And this: The Last Ten Men Standing.
Both sides talking lawsuits in Oakland chair incident The woman whose nose was broken when Texas Rangers reliever Frank Francisco threw a chair into the stands Monday night said yesterday she plams to seek compensation for her injuries once prosecutors and baseball officials complete their investigation. Jennifer Bueno , 41, with a large white bandage covering her nose, and her husband, Craig , appeared at a news conference ...
Bonds: No HR in SF win Barry Bonds barely missed his 700th homer, but J.T. Snow connected following yet another walk to the San Francisco slugger and the Giants beat the Brewers, 8-1, behind Brett Tomko's four-hitter last night in Milwaukee.
NL notables After Randy Johnson of the Diamondbacks struck out Vinny Castilla in the seventh for career whiff No. 4,137, play was interrupted momentarily while the scoreboard flashed the statistics.
AL notables The Yankees posted back-to-back shutouts for the first time since Aug. 27-28, 2002, at Boston.
McKenzie back with the Pack Cornerback Mike McKenzie returned to the Green Bay Packers yesterday after holding out throughout training camp and missing the season opener.
Tufts' field hockey post is a good fit for McDavitt Autumn has been a busy time of year for Fred and Ellen McDavitt, with all three daughters having played field hockey ever since an aunt provided the family with a sack of field hockey sticks more than 15 years ago.
Rogers in quick start for Bentley offense Watertown's Mary Rogers, a two-time high school field hockey All-American who led Bentley College in scoring as a freshman last season, has maintained her offensive touch in the early going this season.
McNally serving Stonehill well Women's volleyball player Lauren McNally of Ashland, a two-year letter-winner and starter at Stonehill College in Easton, has consistently ranked among the team's leaders, both in kills and blocks.
Couple arrested over Jakarta bomb Indonesian police arrest two people suspected of involvement in last week's Jakarta car bombing.
Losing bidders still have shot at Fan Pier The owners of Fan Pier reached out to one of the losing bidders for the property over the last week to see whether the firm was still interested in the land, in case the winning team led by Lennar Corp. doesn't close the deal.
An irregular heartbeat It's up; it's down. It takes off like a rocket, but later sinks like a stone.
Developers file plan for Waterside Place The Drew Co. and Urban Retail Properties of Chicago yesterday filed plans to build Waterside Place, a million-square-foot shopping center, cinema, and residential project in the heart of the South Boston Waterfront.
Stewart asks to start serving her prison sentence Hoping to put the ordeal of the last several months behind her, business executive Martha Stewart said yesterday that she wants to begin serving her prison sentence for lying about a stock sale  quot;as soon as possible. quot;
Manufacturing accelerates Manufacturing in the nation accelerated in August and September, supporting Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan's view that the economy  quot;regained some traction. quot;
OPEC votes to lift output, aims to ease fears OPEC ministers yesterday agreed to increase their ceiling for oil production to help bring down stubbornly high prices in a decision that traders and analysts dismissed as symbolic because the cartel already is pumping more than its new target.
S. Africa remark sparks political flap The comment from the head of the mining conglomerate Anglo American last week seemed harmless enough. Tony Trahar said the political risk of investing in South Africa  quot;is starting to diminish -- although I am not saying it has gone. quot;
Doubts expressed over Delta Delta Air Lines Inc. revised its annual report yesterday to reflect its growing financial difficulties and the possibility of seeking bankruptcy protection  quot;in the near term. quot;
CEO of Coke lowers outlook for quarter Coca-Cola's chief executive yesterday said the world's largest beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its strategy, and improve its culture as he warned that third-quarter per-share income will drop at least 24 percent from a year ago. In a speech to employees, CEO Neville Isdell said:
German chip maker pleads guilty in price-fixing case German computer chip maker Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a \$160 million fine, the Justice Department said yesterday.
J.P. Morgan takes on workers as IBM outsourcing deal ends Undoing a technology outsourcing deal set in late 2002, J.P. Morgan Chase yesterday said it would take back 4,000 of IBM's employees who have been providing the Wall Street firm with an array of technology support services.
Software enables nurses to bid for extra shifts AYER -- Registered nurses at Nashoba Valley Medical Center are doing what few of their counterparts anywhere can do: logging on to their computers and bidding on working shifts that have openings.
Johnny Ramone loses cancer fight Johnny Ramone, guitarist in seminal band The Ramones, dies of cancer at the age of 55.
Bribes cited in downing of Russian jets MOSCOW -- Two Chechen women suspected of blowing up Russian passenger jets last month were briefly detained by police before the flights but bribed at least one airline employee to get on the planes, media reports said yesterday.
US faults Saudis on religious liberty WASHINGTON -- The United States for the first time named Saudi Arabia yesterday as a country that severely violates religious freedom, potentially subjecting the close US ally to sanctions.
Iraqis find three beheaded bodies BAGHDAD -- Villagers found three decapitated bodies north of Baghdad yesterday, and a car bomb killed two people at an Iraqi military checkpoint south of the capital in attacks that seem to be increasingly targeting Iraqis rather than the United States and its multinational force allies.
Two GOP leaders attack Iraq policy WASHINGTON -- Two leading Republican legislators yesterday attacked the Bush administration's approach to rebuilding Iraq, in one of the strongest indictments of the administration's Iraq policy from members of President Bush's party.
Egypt, Syria see pullout links CAIRO -- The Egyptian and Syrian presidents linked calls by the United Nations and Arab leaders for Syrian troops to leave Lebanon to past UN resolutions demanding that Israel withdraw from captured territory in the West Bank and Golan Heights.
Funds for population goals urged LONDON -- Wealthy countries are falling billions of dollars short of their promises to help fund reproductive health care and efforts to improve the status of women around the world, the United Nations said yesterday.
Fox hunt protest turns violent LONDON -- In the second major security breach in London this week, five fox hunting enthusiasts stormed onto the floor of the House of Commons yesterday to disrupt a debate on banning the centuries-old sport.
Kerry Tries to Turn Campaign Against Bush WASHINGTON - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.    Kerry has less than seven weeks to take over the lead in the presidential race...
Oracle puts focus on data integration at OpenWorld SAN FRANCISCO -- Data integration will be one of the major themes at Oracle's OpenWorld conference this week.
On Microsoft's Virtual Server 2005 &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Smaller, cheaper and supported
OPEC votes to lift output, aims to ease fears OPEC ministers yesterday agreed to increase their ceiling for oil production to help bring down stubbornly high prices in a decision that traders and analysts 
Stewart asks to start serving her prison sentence Hoping to put the ordeal of the last several months behind her, business executive Martha Stewart said yesterday that she wants to begin serving her prison 
EARNINGS WATCH MarketWatch.com. Richemont sees significant H1 lift, unclear on FY (2:53 AM ET) LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Swiss luxury goods maker Richemont(zz:ZZ:001273145: news, chart, profile), which also is a significant 
The Journal to add Saturday edition For the first time in 52 years, The Wall Street Journal will start publishing a Saturday edition next September, the nation #39;s biggest financial newspaper announced yesterday.
US seeks new pact with EU that bans aerospace subsidies US trade negotiators will deliver a firm message to their European counterparts this morning in Brussels, Belgium: The Bush administration wants to scrap a 12-year-old aerospace trade pact and craft a wholly new accord that bars government loans, two 
Chapter 11 trustee appointed for AmeriDebt A federal bankruptcy judge appointed a Chapter 11 trustee Wednesday for AmeriDebt, the credit-counseling company that now faces a \$15 million claim from the Internal Revenue Service over its disputed status as a nonprofit.
NHL begins lockout that could be lengthy Three months ago, the Tampa Bay Lightning won the Stanley Cup. Now there might not be a season for the Lightning to defend that championship.
Ryder Cup format Over three days, 12-man teams from the US and Europe will play a total of 28 matches. Each match win is worth one point; tied matches result in a half-point for each team.
Sir Alex sharpens axe SIR Alex Ferguson is set to take the axe to his under-performing side after a shambolic start to his 10th Champions League campaign as Manchester United manager.
De La Hoya #39;s last stand Oscar De La Hoya has long been compared to Sugar Ray Leonard. Saturday night he #39;ll have a potentially painful encounter to try and prove all those comparisons were right.
Bianchi turns down Argentine coach post Jose Pekerman is to be offered the job of Argentinian football coach after Carlos Bianchi turned it down it was announced on Wednesday.
Ten times two equals one NASCAR champ The Chase for the Nextel Cup will begin in earnest Sunday with the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway. It will be the first event of NASCAR #39;s 
FOOTBALL: UEFA CUP FIRST ROUND, FIRST LEG TIES: SOUEY CALL FOR &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GRAEME Souness has vowed his Newcastle side will be known for an aggressive attacking style as he kicks off reign in the UEFA Cup tonight.
Bonds remains shy of 700, but Giants still win big Bonds sent the first pitch he saw to the right-field warning track Wednesday night, then didn #39;t come close again in San Francisco #39;s 8-1 rout of the Milwaukee Brewers.
NL notebook: Mets fire Howe, effective at end of the season The New York Mets fired manager Art Howe yesterday but left him in the dugout for the final 2-1/2 weeks of a season gone bad after the All-Star break.
3 Britons abducted in Baghdad Three British nationals were nabbed by gunmen in the Iraqi capital on Thursday, the Iraqi Interior Ministry said. The three British men were believed to be civilians living 
Japan to confirm what Annan meant by saying Iraq war illegal TOKYO - Japan will try to confirm what UN Secretary General Kofi Annan meant by reportedly saying the US-led invasion of Iraq was an illegal act, top government spokesman Hiroyuki Hosoda said Thursday.
Assembly to debate Musharraf role Pakistan #39;s national assembly is due to debate whether President Pervez Musharraf should serve both as president and armed forces chief.
China #39;s communist party leaders kick off key meet as power &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING: China #39;s ruling party leadership began a much-anticipated meeting in Beijing amid an apparent power struggle at the heart of the organization.
Ivan strands Utahns; help is on the way A family from Layton and more than a dozen other Americans have been stranded on Grand Cayman Island for five days without much food, clean drinking water or electricity in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.
Critics take on Putin terror plan President Vladimir Putin #39;s move earlier this week to enhance his own power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem: the corrupt and unreformed security 
Group visits N. Korea blast site Diplomats from eight countries are on their way to the site of a mysterious blast in North Korea that sparked speculation a nuclear test had taken place.
Internet Explorer Loses More Market Share (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - New data shows Web site visitors paying more attention to alternative browsers, as Microsoft's share drops to 93.7 percent of the market.
Samsung develops high quality image censor for camera phones (AFP) AFP - Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., said it had developed a new image sensor chip for mobile products, which it said had the highest sensitivity and the smallest size in the industry.
Australian PM rejects Annan claims Iraq war 'illegal', criticises UN (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard rejected claims by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan that the Iraq war was  quot;illegal quot;, slamming the United Nations as  quot;paralysed quot;.
U.S. Treasuries Touch Softer Before Data  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices were a touch softer  on Thursday, with the market slightly defensive before the  day's batch of economic numbers.
Martha Stewart asks to serve sentence now Millionaire executive Martha Stewart said on Wednesday she #39;s ready to go to prison as soon as possible, saying she wants to put her  quot;nightmare quot; behind her and  quot;reclaim her good life quot;.
HBOS leaves field clear in battle for Abbey National BANKING giant HBOS yesterday said it had pulled out of a potential takeover battle for Abbey National. The announcement that it will not be bidding clears the way for Spain #39;s Santander 
PacifiCare buys AMS for \$502 million PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. said Wednesday it may look to expand in Wisconsin after completing its purchase of American Medical Security Group Inc.
Corus Reports First-Ever Profit as Steel Prices Soar (Update3) Corus Group Plc, the UK #39;s biggest steelmaker, reported its first profit and said earnings will rise in the second half because of higher steel prices and cost cutting by Chief Executive Officer Philippe Varin.
Intel gives up its need for speed to focus on power At last it looks as if the computer industry #39;s obsession with speed, as measured by megahertz alone, is coming to an end. First AMD stopped using the precise megahertz rating of its CPU chips as a selling point.
In-flight mobile calls approved Plane maker Airbus has reported progress in plans to enable passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006. Test equipment aboard an Airbus A320 plane demonstrated that mobile phones can be used without interfering with navigation systems.
Teams seeking end to Ryder hostilities BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Hal Sutton has pretty much told the Europeans to  quot;get over it. quot;. The US Ryder Cup captain is tired of hearing about the ugly American celebration that took place five years ago 
UPDATE 1-Ferrero downed at China Open Juan Carlos Ferrero became the second major casualty of the China Open on Thursday, the number two seed losing 6-4 6-4 to American Kevin Kim in the second round.
Hopkins draws on past vs. De La Hoya It wasn #39;ta name. It belonged on a license plate. But Y4145 identified Bernard Hopkins for nearly five years. In some ways, it still does.
It #39;s been a while since it was fun at the ol #39; ballpark This fortress that Randy Johnson constructed, the one that keeps fans at arm #39;s length and teammates at a respectful distance, is also the reason the man can make a grown bat cry.
Indonesia acquits two reporters of libel An Indonesian court on Thursday acquitted two prominent reporters of libeling a wealthy businessman, the conclusion of a closely watched cased that is likely to encourage Indonesia #39;s embattled press.
Iran Dismisses New Nuke Site Charge as 'A New Lie'  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior Iranian official said on  Thursday that the latest allegation that Tehran is hiding a  nuclear site from U.N. inspectors was a lie and denied that the  U.N. nuclear watchdog had even asked to visit it.
Russia's Putin Rules Out Talking to Chechen Rebels  ASTANA (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin on  Thursday ruled out any negotiations with Chechen rebel leaders  following the Beslan school hostage-seizure in which more than  320 people were killed, half of them children.
2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton from a house in the heart of the Iraqi capital Thursday, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said.    The three were seized from a two-story house surrounded by a wall in Baghdad's al-Mansour neighborhood at dawn, said Col...
Ivan Makes Landfall on Alabama Coast GULF SHORES, Ala. - Hurricane Ivan slammed ashore early Thursday with winds of 130 mph, packing deadly tornadoes and a powerful punch of waves and rain that threatened to swamp communities from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle...
Loss has Mercury scrambling to hold final playoff berth The Mercury wasted a 13-point lead and dipped to .500 at 16-16 with a 73-58 loss to the Seattle Storm at KeyArena Wednesday night.
Games blur news and entertainment Some game makers are trying to get players to expand their horizons by reflecting on news events in games
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at St. Louis (8:10 p.m. EDT). Jason Marquis goes for his 15th win of the season against the Astros.
On your mark A capsule look at the 10 drivers eligible for The Chase for Nextel Cup: 1. Jeff Gordon (5,050 points), No. 24 DuPont Chevrolet, 2004 winnings: \$4,992,175 -- Enters NASCAR's inaugural playoff as points leader after vaulting ahead of Hendrick Motorsports teammate Jimmie Johnson with a third-place finish in last Saturday's Chevy Rock n' Roll 400 at Richmond International Raceway . ...
Some fans cooling off, take NHL's hit in stride For hockey fans, this winter might just be the coldest, longest yet. As expected, no agreement has been reached between National Hockey League owners and players, and at midnight last night a decade-old collective bargaining agreement expired with no new deal in sight and the upcoming season on the brink of nonexistence.
Happy return for Youkilis If you don't think Kevin Youkilis is happy to be back in the Red Sox lineup, consider this: He was in his uniform and on the field three hours before last night's game against the Devil Rays.
Mueller takes leave for opinion on knee Though the MRI of Bill Mueller's sore right knee showed no apparent damage, the Red Sox third baseman flew to Phoenix yesterday to be examined by Dr. David Zeman , who performed arthroscopic surgery on the knee May 28.  quot;The initial call was pretty good, but the guy's been inside the knee, quot; said manager Terry Francona , who started Kevin ...
Today's schedule Pro baseball: Tampa Bay vs. Red Sox at Fenway Park, 7 p.m. College field hockey: Conn. College at Springfield, 4 p.m.; Endicott at Gordon, 4 p.m.; Southern Maine at Bates, 4 p.m.; UMass-Dartmouth at Wheaton, 4:30 p.m.; Husson at Bowdoin, 4:30 p.m.; Babson at Wesleyan, 4:30 p.m.; Providence at Harvard, 7 p.m.; MIT at Simmons, 7 p.m.; Clark at Worcester ...
Frequent flingers With last night's start, Tim Wakefield moved past Roger Clemens into second place on the club's all-time list for most pitching appearances. The top five on the list:
Pro Tours: The Stops and the Talk PGA Event: Texas Open. Site: LaCantera Golf Club, The Resort Course (7,001 yards, par 70), San Antonio. Schedule: Today-Sunday. Purse: \$3.5 million. Winner's share: \$630,000. Television: ESPN (today-Saturday, 4-6 p.m.; Sunday, 4-7). Last year: Tommy Armour broke the PGA Tour's 72-hole scoring record, finishing at 26-under 254. He shot 64-62-63-66 to win by seven strokes. Last week: Vijay Singh won ...
New tee will try to hold its own Many times in his career as a passionate golfer, Pat Grant had made a tee time. He had never spent any time thinking about a tee, however.
Sun get back into playoffs The Connecticut Sun clinched a playoff spot for the second straight year behind Nykesha Sales's 28 points in an 81-67 win over the Sting last night at Charlotte, N.C.
Volkswagen labor negotiators far apart Volkswagen #39;s labor negotiations in Germany began Wednesday with union demands for raises and job guarantees and company calls for a two-year pay freeze.
CEO of Coke lowers outlook for quarter Coca-Cola #39;s chief executive yesterday said the world #39;s largest beverage maker needs to work harder, better execute its strategy, and improve its culture 
Corus breaks into profit Anglo-Dutch steelmaker Corus Group has swung into the black for the first time in its five-year history and says restructuring, a tight market and price hikes keep the outlook positive for 2004.
NHL: Pucks iced The National Hockey League shut down at midnight Wednesday night, locking out players from training camps and signaling that owners are willing to cancel the 
Ferrero crashes in China Juan Carlos Ferrero was sent out of the China Open in the second round by Kevin Kim of the United States. The Spanish second seed, whose season has been disrupted by injury and illness, was outplayed and Kim wrapped up a 6-4 6-4 victory with an ace.
Couple linked with embassy attack arrested in Indonesia A man and his wife have been arrested in the Indonesian province of East Java with possible link to the last week #39;s bombing outside the Australian Embassy here, police said Thursday.
Beheaded bodies found near Baghdad But police said two of the bodies had tattoos written in the Roman alphabet -- one saying  quot;HECER quot;, and the other a letter H. The third body had tattoos written in Arabic script but the words were not Arabic.
Indonesia #39;s presidential candidates pledge to develop country Jakarta (VNA) - Indonesia #39;s two presidential candidates pledged to restore the economy, improve infrastructure, reduce the unemployment rate, focus on development of industry, agriculture, technology, education, and equal development between localities 
UN General Assembly refuses to consider Taiwan #39;s UN representation The General Committee of the United Nations General Assembly decided Wednesday at its 59th session not to include into the draft agenda of the current session the so 
Big Blue loses multibillion outsourcing contract Armonk-based IBM Corp. has lost a \$5 billion contract to provide technology outsourcing services to JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co. New York-based JPMorgan plans to rehire 4,000 workers whose jobs 
Networks seek okay for drug ads on TV Officials with Canada #39;s top TV broadcasters said they expect regulators soon will allow them access to the free-spending prescription drug industry.
Flynn makes Wales plea Ex-Wrexham, Swansea and Wales Under-21 coach Brian Flynn is desperate to succeed Mark Hughes as Wales manager.  quot;I said when I took over the Wrexham job 14 years ago that my long-term ambition was to manage 
Ferrero, Scheuttler come up short, Safin cruises in China Open Juan Carlos Ferrero #39;s hope of a first ATP title was left in tatters at the China Open on Thursday when the second seed was beaten by Kevin Kim from the United States.
Annan: Iraq war was illegal UN chief says Iraq may not be able to hold credible elections as planned in January 2005 due to lack of security. By Robert MacPherson - LONDON.
Richemont Sparkle Lifts European Stocks (Reuters) Reuters - Sparkling sales from luxury goods giant\Richemont helped lift European shares on Thursday, quelling\concerns about advertising firm Havas' plans to issue more\shares and the drag effect of a weaker Wall Street..
Surprise rise in UK retail sales UK High Street sales confound market expectations and rise by 0.6 in August, increasing the likelihood of another interest rate rise this year.
South Korea chip makers face US probe into price fixing SEOUL: South Korean microchip makers said they face a US investigation into a price-fixing conspiracy in which German maker Infineon technologies has already suffered heavy fines.
Microsoft and Sendo end row British mobile phone maker Sendo has settled a David and Goliath-style lawsuit against Microsoft in which it accused the software firm of stealing its secrets and trying to force it out of business.
Villeneuve: Our aim was to learn. Jacques Villeneuve has explained away his bottom of the times performance at yesterday #39;s Silverstone test as merely the process of his re-acclimatisation to Formula One, and of the Renault team learning to work with him.
U.S. Web Shoppers' Holiday Spending Up  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Online consumers in the United  States spent \$8.8 billion, excluding travel purchases, in  November, a 19 percent jump over the \$7.4 billion spent online  a year earlier, a report released on Monday said.
Gunmen Seize Two Americans, Briton in Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen snatched two Americans and a  Briton from a house in central Baghdad on Thursday, the latest  in a wave of abductions of foreigners in Iraq.
Afghan President Aborts Trip After Rocket Attack  GARDEZ, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid  Karzai aborted an election campaign trip to the southeast  province of Gardez on Thursday after a rocket exploded just  before he was due to land by helicopter.
Cameroon leader seeks a new term Cameroon's President Paul Biya confirms that he will stand for re-election in next month's polls.
Image flaw exposes Windows PCs Millions of computer users are at risk of attack because flaws in the way Windows handles some images.
U.S., Europe Tentatively OK Censure Iran VIENNA, Austria - U.S. and European negotiators tentatively agreed Thursday to censure Iran for reneging on a freeze on uranium enrichment and moved closer to setting a deadline on Tehran to dispel suspicions it is trying to make nuclear arms...
IBM adds  #39;trusted #39; chip to PCs IBM plans to start shipping its PCs with a new chip designed to thwart hackers by safeguarding passwords and other sensitive identity information.
Debugging the Megahertz Myth Most, if not all, of you have read or been in heated debates over why or why not higher clocked microprocessors are better than their  quot;comparable quot; competition.
Football? No, it #39;s the Ryder Cup It #39;s got to be the Bobby Bowden, good-ol #39;-boy drawl and the fact that Hal Sutton is now so beefy he looks as if he could have played linebacker at one time for LSU.
De La Hoya, Hopkins worry about Ivan, too Hurricane Ivan could blow away some of the rewards Oscar De La Hoya and Bernard Hopkins hope to realize from their middleweight showdown here Saturday.
 #39;Satisfied #39; Benitez left wanting more RAFAEL BENITEZ last night insisted there was more to come from Liverpool after the  quot;fantastic start quot; to their Champions League return.
Baby daughter has Riley hooked There were only a couple of dozen reporters on hand for San Diego native Chris Riley #39;s early morning press conference at the Ryder Cup at Bloomfield Township, Mich.
Couple arrested over Jakarta embassy blast Indonesian police have arrested a man and his wife suspected of possible involvement in last week #39;s suicide car bombing at the Australian embassy in Jakarta.
Briton Shot Dead in Saudi  #39;Terror Attack #39; A Briton shot dead in Saudi Arabia in an apparent terrorist attack was working for communications firm Marconi, the company said today.
Alitalia seals ground staff deal Italian airline Alitalia has agreed a deal with its ground staff, paving the way for some 2,500 job cuts and a reduction in staff benefits.
Calif. activist buys first hybrid Escape A California environmental activist on Wednesday became the first customer to take delivery of a Ford Escape Hybrid. Ford Motor Co.
Yahoo! Joins Music Download Race Not to be outdone in the digital download race by the likes of Microsoft, Apple and Real Networks, Yahoo have firmly stated their intentions by acquiring Musicmatch.
Image flaw exposes Windows PCs Computer users could be open to attack from malicious hackers because of the way that Windows displays some images. Microsoft has issued a warning about a critical vulnerability in Windows that could let carefully 
Saunders Calls for Welsh Appointment for Wales Former Wales striker Dean Saunders believes the new national team boss should be a Welshman. He has called on the Football Association of Wales to examine the credentials of the 
TEAM USA: Quizzical Riley is life of the party Birmingham #39;s Townsend Hotel expected the United States Ryder Cup players, their wives and maybe a few children this week. But no one thought the players and children could get confused.
Franklin dumps the  #39;monkey #39; It would have been easy to dedicate this one to  quot;Maw quot; - the 78-year-old grandmother Ryan Franklin lost last week. He could have said it was for his son, splayed across his father #39;s lap after the game.
Indons detain couple in connection with embassy bombing Police have detained a man and his wife in the port city of Surabaya and are questioning them in connection with last week #39;s deadly bombing at the Australian embassy, a spokesman said Thursday.
Our Man in Pyongyang Sets off on Blast Inspection Britains ambassador to North Korea travelled today to the site of a massive explosion to verify claims by the secretive Marxist nation that it was not a nuclear test.
Why PCCW is laughing all the way to the bank &lt;strong&gt;Letter&lt;/strong&gt; TDD mode is not just data delivery
Corus swings to profit Anglo-Dutch steelmaker Corus Group has unveiled the first profit in its five-year history for the first half of the year and says restructuring, strong demand and higher steel prices are keeping its outlook positive.
Gap Matures, Targets Women Over 35 The parent company of Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy plans to test a new idea for a clothing chain targeting women over 35. In a statement, Gap Incorporated says it will try out its new 
UK retail sales rebound in Aug; up 0.6 pct from July to beat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; According to official data from National Statistics, retail sales rose 0.6 pct in August from July for a 6.5 pct annual increase. The figures were well above expectations of a 0.2 pct decline and a 5.8 pct gain respectively.
Research In Motion Introduces New BlackBerry 7100v in Europe and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Research In Motion (RIM) (Nasdaq:RIMM) (TSX:RIM) today introduced the innovative new BlackBerry 7100v(TM) for mobile professionals, further expanding choice for Vodafone #39;s BlackBerry(R) customers.
MIKE WENDLAND: Messaging update is mostly good news After years of being deluged with ever-increasing loads of spam, Internet users are starting to turn to instant-messaging applications instead of e-mail.
IBM protects passwords with PC chip com September 15, 2004, 9:01 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Owners: The puck stops here Saying the league was out of gas, commissioner Gary Bettman announced the long predicted lockout Wednesday and insisted the league will not play any more games until there is a new economic system.
SI.com OAKLAND, California (Ticker) -- Those who wrote off the Texas Rangers in recent weeks soon may be forced to adjust their thinking.
Jacques wants revenge on BAR Renault couldn #39;t have chosen to better driver to replace Jarno Trulli than Jacques Villeneuve, as there is nothing the Canadian wants more than revenge on his former team, BAR.
Part of the ECT News Network The Gnome Foundation today released a new version of its popular Linux desktop. The new release, Gnome version 2.8, boosts speed and usability and offers several new features, the foundation said in a statement.
Vodafone gets first bite of latest BlackBerry Vodafone has become the first UK mobile phone operator to offer Research In Motion #39;s latest mobile device, the BlackBerry 7100.
Bush war on Iraq illegal - United Nations Secretary Annan United Nations Secretary, General Kofi Annan, said in an interview with the BBC, that the US led invasion of Iraq was illegal. When asked whether he thought the invasion of Iraq was illegal, Annan replied  quot;Yes, if you wish.
Instant Messaging Goes Graphical For most of the millions of people around the world who regularly use instant messaging, the communications tool has largely been a text-only experience in which typed emoticons offer only minimal clues to someone #39;s state of mind.
US, Europe tentatively OK Iran censure US and European negotiators tentatively agreed Thursday to censure Iran for reneging on a freeze on uranium enrichment and moved closer to setting a deadline on Tehran 
Blair in Northern Ireland bargaining Tony Blair is preparing to urge unionists and republicans to agree to a deal that would transform Northern Ireland #39;s deadlocked peace process.
Rocket attack stops presidential visit Afghan President Hamid Karzai aborted a trip to a provincial capital today after a rocket hit near the landing site for his helicopter.
US troops sue over tours in Iraq A group of US soldiers take legal action to try to prevent the army extending their tours of duty in Iraq.
Stewart decides to go to prison Expressing a desire to  quot;put this nightmare behind me, quot; Martha Stewart said Wednesday that she would enter a federal prison soon to begin serving her five-month sentence without 
Bridging a generational Gap Charla Moseley shops at Gap stores for every member of her family: her 13-year-old daughter, 18-year-old son and her youngest boy, 6. The 38-year-old art organization manager 
Wall Street Start Seen Steady (Reuters) Reuters - Wall Street was set to open slightly\firmer on Thursday, recovering some lost ground after\Wednesday's sell-off, but lofty crude prices and worry about\profit warnings will cap investor enthusiasm.
Two bombers surrender, says Israel TWO Palestinian women, who planned to blow themselves up in a double suicide bombing in Tel Aviv, gave themselves up to Israeli troops at a West Bank checkpoint, Israeli military sources said today.
EBay's China Site to Join Worldwide Network (Reuters) Reuters - Online auctioneer eBay Inc. will plug\a recently purchased China site into its global network on\Friday, creating new opportunities for a nascent but\fast-growing operation, its chief executive said.
U.S. Alarmed Over Suspected Iran Nuke Site (AP) AP - A U.S. official expressed alarm Thursday about a possible nuclear-weapons related test site in Iran and accused the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency of keeping silent on its own concerns about the issue.
Wall Street Start Seen Steady  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open slightly  firmer on Thursday, recovering some lost ground after  Wednesday's sell-off, but lofty crude prices and worry about  profit warnings will cap investor enthusiasm.
Arizona's Johnson Becomes All-Time Lefty Strikeout King  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - Randy Johnson became the  all-time major league strikeout leader among left-handed  pitchers on a night he led the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 3-2  win over the Colorado Rockies in the third of a four- game set  at Bank One Ballpark.
Report: Japan May Sanction Citibank  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulator may suspend  or even end some private banking operations at the Japanese  commercial banking unit of U.S. financial services firm  Citigroup Inc. due to lost customer data and questionable  securities transactions, local media said on Thursday.
Battle for Ryder Cup 'Underdog' Tag at Oakland Hills  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - The 19-inch Ryder  Cup is not the only thing coveted by holders Europe and the  United States at Oakland Hills this week.
Dollar Holds Firm Before CPI, Philly Fed  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar kept close to the previous  session's one-week highs against the euro and Swiss franc on  Thursday, holding steady as investors awaited U.S. data to  confirm fresh signs of strength in U.S. manufacturing.
Caesars Expected to Unveil Casino Deal  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Caesars Entertainment Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CZR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CZR.N&lt;/A&gt;  is expected on Thursday to unveil a deal with a California  Indian tribe to develop and manage a \$250 million casino  complex near Fresno in the central part of the state.
Ukraine Leader Agrees on Measures for Fair Vote  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukraine's outgoing President Leonid Kuchma  said on Tuesday he had agreed to sack the central election  commission and support election law reform -- both key  opposition demands to end mass protests against a rigged vote.
NASA Still Lacks Shuttle Repair Kits (AP) AP - Nearly two years after Columbia shattered in the sky, NASA still has no way of repairing the kind of holes that could doom another shuttle, space agency officials acknowledged Monday in their latest status report on the return-to-flight effort.
2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton Thursday from a house in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood where many foreign companies are based, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said.    The three were employed by Gulf Services Company, a Middle East-based construction firm, and were seized from a two-story house surrounded by a wall in the al-Mansour neighborhood, said Col...
Kinks Seen in Theft of Saturn's Ring Material (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - New images from the Cassini spacecraft reveal undulating kinks in one of the rings and theft of ring dust by a moon. The kinks are seen in greater detail than ever before and the thievery has been photographed for the first time.
U.S. Alarmed Over Suspected Iran Nuke Site VIENNA, Austria - A U.S. official expressed alarm Thursday about a possible nuclear-weapons related test site in Iran and accused the U.N...
Tapwave Zodiac 2 &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; Review&lt;/strong&gt; The best handheld games console yet?
The quest for the IT Holy Grail &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; What's its secret? Productivity
Harry Potter IP claim pinned down on the beaches Tour company shows Warner Brothers the Churchill spirit
News Analysis: can 1 million barrels of oil revive world market? OPEC decided at its ministerial meeting here Wednesday to increase its oil production ceiling by 1 million barrels a day beginning Nov. 1, but the decision will have little real impact on the high oil prices.
BA cuts 1,000 flights to beat delays British Airways has cancelled nearly 1,000 flights at Heathrow over the next three months in an effort to halt a slide in the reliability of its timetable.
Delta #39;s auditor airs doubts Delta Air Lines late Wednesday revised its annual report to reflect its growing financial difficulties and the possibility of seeking bankruptcy protection  quot;in the near term.
Infineon admits price fixing, pays fine The announcement was called a breakthrough in the US Justice Department #39;s long investigation into price-fixing allegations in the semiconductor industry.
Dollar Holds Firm Before CPI, Philly Fed The dollar kept close to the previous session #39;s one-week highs against the euro and Swiss franc on Thursday, holding steady as investors awaited US data to confirm fresh signs of strength in US manufacturing.
Escape Hybrid makes its debut After waiting three long years, Bill Hammons was eager to get the keys to his new hybrid Ford Escape. And it #39;s no exaggeration to say Ford Motor Co.
American Medical Security  quot;outperform, quot; target price raised NEW YORK, September 16 (New Ratings) - Analysts at Robert W Baird reiterate their  quot;outperform quot; rating on American Medical Security Group (AMZ.
NCR inkjet refills recalled THE US Consumer Product Safety Commission said that 78,000 NCR  quot;universal quot; inkjet refill kits have been recalled. The kits, said the Commission, were sold in Walgreens and Big Lots betwen April and June for around \$12.
SES Astra Welcomes NTL to Client List BETZDORF, Luxembourg - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ept. 15, 2004  - UK and Europes foremost direct-to-home (DTH) satellite company, SES ASTRA, an SES GLOBAL company (Euronext:SESG) (FWB:SESG)is delighted 
Hughes leaves a void Ian Walsh Mark Hughes #39; decision to take the Blackburn job is bad news for Wales, there #39;s no doubt about that. Mark has brought a lot of dignity back to Welsh football, taking us up from around 100 in the world rankings 
TOYOTA CONFIRM TRULLI DEAL Trulli, winner of this season #39;s Monaco Grand Prix, has long been expected to join Toyota but news of his signing a two-year contract was prompted by his sacking from Renault.
BLOODY REF A CHAMPIONS League match was abandoned last night when one of the world #39;s top referees was hit on the head by a missile from the crowd.
Robbins slapped by rowing team-mate Rower Catriona Oliver will face a disciplinary hearing next week after she slapped team-mate Sally Robbins at an Australian Olympic Committee function in Sydney last night.
De La Hoya-Hopkins is about more than the championship The holiday season generally arrives a bit earlier for boxing fans than for most, and this year is no exception as the fall fight season will soon be in full swing.
Vandal daubs DNA code in street A graffiti artist spray-paints part of a chemical compound found in DNA on the road outside a lab where the double helix was unveiled.
Airbus: In 2006, keep your cell phone on Plane maker Airbus reported progress Wednesday in plans to enable passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006. Test equipment aboard an Airbus A320 plane demonstrated that mobile phones can 
Proteas will have the edge if rain hits Oval South Africa go into Saturday #39;s deciding match against the West Indies with a slight advantage: they have the better run rate.
2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq Sept. 16, 2004 - Gunmen kidnapped two Americans and a Briton Thursday from a house in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood where many foreign companies are based, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said.
Karzai aborts trip to Afghan city after rocket hits near landing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan Afghan president Hamid Karzai aborted his trip to a provincial capital today when a rocket hit near his landing site as his helicopter was approaching.
Finding Truth on the Internet When it comes to covering politics, journalists often fall into the 'he said, she said' trap without taking the time to delve into the details. The nonpartisan FactCheck.org jumps into the informational breach. By Louise Witt.
Instant Messaging Goes Graphical Some say people may be more civil when they see who they're communicating with as IMVU and AOL introduce sophisticated avatars to instant-message services. But will the services make any money? By Daniel Terdiman.
An Anime for Deep Thinkers Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence is dense, but better than the original in many ways: fewer clichs, more sophisticated animation, deeper insight into human nature and technology. Jason Silverman reviews the film.
High-Tech Hearing Bypasses Ears New consumer devices use bone-conduction technology to produce sound by vibrating the bones around the hearer's ear, so the sound is all in your head. By Laila Weir.
Weather Makes Lawmakers Antsy The Senate Commerce Committee hears testimony on the connection between greenhouse gases and climate changes. Many legislators want to take action, but the best course remains unclear. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.
Ivan May Just Be a Messenger The recent run of hurricanes hitting the Atlantic Ocean has been helped by warmer waters, which some scientists attribute to global warming. That means get ready for more storms. By Stephen Leahy.
Five Fired at Los Alamos Lab As part of the fallout from an incident at Los Alamos National Lab in July, five workers have been fired. They are among 23 suspended when computer disks containing classified information went missing.
Another Patch Job From Microsoft The latest vulnerability to plague the world's largest software maker is a doozy, affecting its Windows operating system as well as its Office and developer tools programs. Microsoft says its patch plugs the leak.
British retail sales show surprise rise in August (AFP) AFP - Retail sales in Britain rebounded by 0.6 percent in August, buoyed by higher sales in food, department and clothing stores, defying expectations of a second monthly decline.
Solar Storms Smack a Comet (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers \have pieced together what \appears to be the first direct evidence that solar storms can wreak \havoc with comets, destroying the ion tails of icy wanderers nbsp;in a collision \of highly charged particles. nbsp;
Sudan and Darfur Rebels Wait for AU Talks Decision (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government and Darfur rebels said\on Thursday they were waiting for African Union mediators to\decide if peace talks would continue despite a stalemate on\security in the western Sudanese region.
Oil Higher as Ivan Hits U.S. Shores  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Thursday as  Hurricane Ivan reached the U.S. Gulf Coast, shutting more than  1 million barrels daily of output in the Gulf of Mexico and 13  percent of U.S. refining capacity.
Citigroup, 3 Others Face SEC Bonds Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Four big banks face a U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission probe of their auction-rate bond  operations, a securities filing shows.
Frustrated Taiwan May Rethink Strategy for U.N.  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan is considering applying to join  the United Nations under the island's own name, a move that  China would see as a provocative declaration of independence by  a renegade province.
N Korea stalls nuclear talks North Korea rules out further nuclear talks unless South Korea's own nuclear tests are "fully probed".
Bush won, but Democrats question Ohio vote (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush beat Senator John Kerry in the US state of Ohio in a November 2 vote, according to official results.
Networkers' Crowding Achievement By 6:45 p.m. Sept. 8, local tech executives were packed so tightly into the lobby of the Tower Club that late arrivals had to step sideways off the elevators to squeeze into the room. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
DC Tech Council Penny Pickett, president of the Washington, D.C. Tech Council, discusses the organization, technology regulatory policies, the region's tech industry and upcoming programs on homeland security technologies.
German Chipmaker Admits Price Fixing German computer chipmaker Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead guilty to price fixing and will pay a \$160 million fine, the Justice Department announced yesterday.
Corus posts first interim profits The steel group Corus today announced pre-tax profits of 163m for the six months to the end of June - its first interim profits since its formation in 1999.
Lakewood wins over Del Webb for top rating from JD Power The hometown favorite, Hoffman Estates-based Lakewood Homes, can put its fourth consecutive consumer satisfaction trophy on the shelf, besting national home builders with major presence in the Chicago area market.
Yahoo buys MusicMatch SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo just bought the most expensive jukebox ever. But the price was anything but a few quarters. Yahoo bought online jukebox provider Musicmatch.
Airbus Sees Mobile Phones On Planes By 2006 European planemaker Airbus reported progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.
Law: He deserves honour DENIS Law has hailed Ruud van Nistelrooy after the Dutch striker broke his United European goalscoring record last night. Ruud grabbed a second-half double in Lyon to salvage his team a 2-2 Champions League 
Attempt on Afghan President #39;s Life Fails KABUL, Afghanistan Sept. 16, 2004 - An apparent attempt to assassinate Afghan President Hamid Karzai failed Thurdsday when a rocket that was fired at his helicopter missed by 300 yards, the US military said.
Crunch talks for Northern Ireland get under way (AFP) AFP - All-party talks to revive Northern Ireland's peace process began after two years of stalemate, as Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams predicted a deal despite an alleged spying incident.
Workers' Group Says EPA Censors Comments (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency\censored warnings that a Bush administration plan to build\roads in national forests could harm drinking water, a group\representing government workers said on Monday.
Foreign diplomats in North Korea en route to site of mysterious blast (AFP) AFP - Diplomats from eight countries left the North Korean capital for the remote site of a mysterious explosion to check Pyongyang's claim that it was not a nuclear blast.
Lawmakers Back Compromise on Intel Bill (AP) AP - Two powerful congressional chairmen, one who had opposed legislation to revamp the nation's intelligence agencies, endorsed a compromise Monday and moved a bill endorsed by President Bush closer to approval.
Battle near southern Somali port Several Somalis are killed in fighting between rival militias near the port city of Kismayo.
Russia 'impeded media' in Beslan The OSCE condemns Russia's handling of the media during the bloody Beslan school siege.
Wall Street Journal to launch weekend edition in 2005 NEW YORK - The Wall Street Journal is to begin publishing a Weekend Edition in the US, starting Saturday, September 10 2005. The Journal #39;s Weekend Edition will include the latest business and financial news 
Airbus Tests GSM TOULOUSE, France -- Airbus has successfully completed the first in-flight trial of GSM personal mobile- telephones aboard an airliner, paving the way for their future widespread use.
Home-course advantage? Not US has rank, Europeans have track &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Township, Mich. -- For all of Hal Sutton #39;s Bear Bryant-meets-George S. Patton act -- all into-the-breach and damn-the-torpedoes -- and for all of Europe #39;s woe-is-me act -- all faux kneeling at the superpower #39;s 
Rookie Gallery  lt; -0 will start Sunday That seat on the bench that Robert Gallery was keeping warm? It now belongs to Langston Walker. Oakland Raiders coach Norv Turner announced Wednesday  quot;if things go 
Doghouse Boxing #39;s Hopkins-v-De La Hoya fight predictions Well kids, it #39;s only two more sleeps until the much anticipated middleweight showdown between undisputed champion Bernard Hopkins and Oscar De La Hoya takes place at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Could No. 700 give Bonds an image lift? While baseball immortality awaits Barry Bonds, it remains to be seen whether he will be a more popular figure once he becomes the third player in history to hit 700 homers.
3 Westerners Abducted in Baghdad Iraqi authorities say unidentified gunmen abducted two Americans and one Briton from a house in Baghdad, Thursday. Earlier, officials identified all three as British nationals.
Mainland mistresses mar elections in Hong Kong The pro-Beijing camp came out of the elections for the Legislative Council (Legco) in Hong Kong last Sunday much better than did the pro-democracy camp.
Citigroup, 3 Others Face SEC Bonds Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Four big banks face a U.S. Securities\and Exchange Commission probe of their auction-rate bond\operations, a securities filing shows.
Earliest Signs of Winemaking Found in China (Reuters) Reuters - Neolithic people in China may have\been the first in the world to make wine, according to\scientists who have found the earliest evidence of winemaking\from pottery shards dating from 7,000 BC in northern China.
Richemont Keeps European Shares Higher  PARIS (Reuters) - Solid sales at Richemont helped European  shares stay in positive territory at midday on Thursday but  higher oil prices capped buying, amid worries that Hurricane  Ivan could damage oil facilities in the crude-rich Gulf of  Mexico.
EDS: U.S. Air Bankruptcy to Cut Its Profits  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Electronic Data Systems Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EDS.N&lt;/A&gt; said on Thursday the US Airways bankruptcy could reduce  its third-quarter earnings by up to 3 cents per share because  of a long-term information technology contract between the  companies.
NASA Seeks Methods to Repair Shuttles in Flight (Reuters) Reuters - NASA is hoping techniques that would\enable a crew to repair damages to a space shuttle in flight\will be ready for the shuttle's planned May 2005 return to\space, officials with the agency said on Monday.
Nortel Expects Lower 3rd-Quarter Revenue  TORONTO (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; said it  expects to report lower third-quarter revenues compared to the  second quarter, North America's largest maker of telecom  equipment said in a regulator required market update on  Thursday.
N Europeans take more sickies Workers in Germany, the Netherlands and Finland take the most time off for sickness in Europe, a survey suggests.
Stewart asks to begin jail term LIFESTYLE guru Martha Stewart has asked United States authorities to jail her as soon as possible. Stewart, found guilty earlier this year of giving false information about insider dealing trades, said she 
British Airways cancels about 1,000 Heathrow flights LONDON, September 16 (New Ratings) - British Airways (BAI1.FSE) has cancelled about 1,000 inbound and outbound flights from London #39;s Heathrow Airport over the next three months.
EU, US hold crunch talks on Boeing-Airbus US and European trade officials began a politically charged meeting Thursday to discuss the future of government support for aviation titans Boeing and Airbus Industrie.
Amex, Nasdaq in talks to move QQQ NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The Nasdaq 100 index trust, the popular fund known as QQQ, is moving to the Nasdaq sooner than expected from its longtime home on the American Stock Exchange, according to a published report.
DIY giant looking to build Russian empire RETAIL heavyweight Kingfisher, owner of B amp;Q, today said it expected to be up and running in Russia within two years as it posted a sharp rise in first-half profits.
Microsoft #39;s anti-spam proposal rejected NEW YORK - Engineers in charge of setting technical standards for the Internet have rejected a preliminary spam-fighting proposal from Microsoft Corp.
Egyptians mummified their dead cats as lovingly as their kin! A recent chemical analysis of preserved mummies has revealed that when it came to mummification, ancient Egyptians treated animals every bit as well as humans.
Latest Norton battles phish-ermen KUALA LUMPUR: Symantec Malaysia recently announced the availability of the latest version of its system repair, antivirus and security products - Norton SystemWorks 2005, AntiVirus 2005, Personal Firewall 2005 and AntiSpam 2005.
UPDATE 1-Blackburn chance too good to miss, says Hughes New Blackburn Rovers manager Mark Hughes says the chance to take over at the Premier League club was simply too good to pass up. Appointed late on Wednesday, the Wales 
Couple linked to embassy blast A HUSBAND and wife who may be linked to last week #39;s Australian embassy bombing in Jakarta have been arrested following raids by Indonesian police.
China #39;s Annual Communist Party Policy Meeting Begins Amid Rumors &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Leaders of China #39;s Communist Party have opened a four-day plenum amid reports of internal jockeying between supporters of President Hu Jintao and former President Jiang Zemin.
Amazon seeks share of searches Online retailer Amazon revamps its A9 search site as its tries to grab a slice of the search business.
Stocks Set to Open Higher NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen chalking up small gains at the open Thursday following Wednesday's pullback but the release of August's CPI data and weekly jobless claims could ultimately decide direction...
U.S. Alarmed Over Suspected Iran Nuke Site VIENNA, Austria - A U.S. official expressed alarm Thursday about a possible nuclear-weapons-related test site in Iran and accused the U.N...
U.K. Docs Suggest Tax Breaks for Exercise LONDON - Money spent on sports and exercise should be tax deductible as part of a national strategy to fight flab, say doctors in Britain who are grappling with one of the world's most rapidly growing obesity epidemics.    Ahead of a daylong conference Thursday on tackling obesity in primary care clinics, the Royal College of General Practitioners called on the government to consider tax breaks to make exercise more accessible and affordable to everybody...
Hurricane Ivan Slams Alabama, Killing 8 GULF SHORES, Ala. - Hurricane Ivan slammed ashore early Thursday with winds of 130 mph, packing deadly tornadoes and a powerful punch of waves and rain that threatened to swamp communities from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle...
Corus in black for first time in history CORUS, the Anglo-Dutch steel-maker, today hit a landmark point in its recovery as it revealed it had achieved its first profitable six months since its creation from the merger of British Steel and Dutch firm Royal Hoogovens in 1999.
Golf calendar Outlook: Tommy Armour III broke the PGA #39;s 72-hole scoring record last year with a 26-under par 254. Justin Leonard had back-to-back wins here in 2000-01, and Loren Roberts has finished first and second here in 2002-03.
UK confirms Briton killed in Saudi capital The British Foreign Office confirmed on Thursday that a British man had been shot dead in the Saudi capital Riyadh. His relatives had not yet been informed as further information was being sought, the Foreign Office said.
SEC Probes WorldCom Creditor Actions &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Dane Hamilton and Justin Hyde&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Federal regulators have\launched an investigation into creditor actions in the WorldCom\bankruptcy, demanding thousands of documents from bondholders\related to the largest U.S. bankruptcy, according to court\documents.&lt;/p&gt;
XM Satellite Radio to Broadcast on Web XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company's discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users used to circumvent the music industry's crackdown on illegal file sharing.
Earth's Best View of the Stars is in Antarctica University of New South Wales -- A small unmanned observatory high on the Antarctic plateau provides the best star-viewing site on Earth, according to research published today in Nature.     Australian researchers have shown than a ground-based telescope in Antarctica can take images almost as good as those from the Hubble Space Telescope, at a fraction of the cost...
Weather Satellite Serves Scientists and Forecasters The first Meteosat Second Generation meteorological satellite is today in operational service as Meteosat-8. The data it streams down from 36,000 km over Africa's Gulf of Guinea assist not just European weather forecasters but also numerous scientific teams.
Networkers' Crowding Achievement (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It was something of a back-to-school night for the crowd of entrepreneurs, marketing officers and venture funders who showed up in droves at the high-end networking club at Tysons Corner.
Oracle deploys Xserve RAID internally (MacCentral) MacCentral - In a presentation to be given later this week at OracleWorld in San Francisco, Calif., Oracle Corp. will outline its Resilient Low-Cost Storage Initiative. After including Apple Computer Inc.'s Xserve RAID in the product testing, Oracle has chosen to deploy Apple's solution internally to run the Oracle Collaboration Suite application for e-mail, voicemail and calendar, Oracle officials will reveal.
Nepal ministry upholds claim of fastest climb up Everest (AFP) AFP - Nepal's tourism ministry has upheld a claim by mountaineer Pemba Dorji Sherpa that he had scaled Everest in a record time of eight hours and 10 minutes on May 21.
Nortel Sees Lower 3rd-Quarter Revenue  TORONTO (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; expects  to report lower 2004 third-quarter revenues compared to the  second quarter, North America's largest maker of telecom  equipment said in a market update required by regulators on  Thursday.
Williams Ends Bid to Sell Power Business  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Williams Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMB.N&lt;/A&gt; has  scrapped efforts to sell its power business as the depressed  wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the unit,  the natural gas company said on Thursday.
Oracle readies major app server upgrade (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - SAN FRANCISCO -- Oracle on Wednesday will introduce Oracle Application Server 10g Release 2, which is being characterized as a significant upgrade to the product with improvements in Java, Web services, and identity management and the addition of RFID backing.
Man Sentenced to Life for N.Irish Finucane Murder  BELFAST (Reuters) - A Belfast court sentenced a former  Protestant guerrilla to life imprisonment on Thursday for the  murder of Catholic lawyer Pat Finucane, one of the most  controversial killings in 30 years of sectarian conflict in  Northern Ireland.
Circuit City Same-Store Sales Fall in 3Q (AP) AP - Circuit City Stores Inc., the nation's No. 2 electronics retailer, reported Monday that same-store sales declined 4.3 percent in the third quarter, largely because of weak sales of music and movie software.
German IT agency sets record straight on IE In response to the growing number of viruses infecting computers, a spokesman for Germany's Federal Office for Information Security (BSI) has suggested that users consider alternatives to Microsoft Corp.'s Internet Explorer (IE) Web browser. But the agency did not recommend that users steer clear of Microsoft products, the spokesman said, refuting a press release issued Tuesday by browser developer Opera Software ASA.
Microsoft provides Project Server 2003-SAP link Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday plans to make available a connector kit that allows users to easily link Microsoft's Office Project Server 2003 with SAP AG's ERP (enterprise resource planning) products.
Coca-Cola H2 net to miss estimates Coca-Cola Co., said its second-half earnings will decline because of sluggish sales in North America and Europe. Its shares are traded at the lowest level since May 2003.
Business Glance NEW YORK - In an effort to capture more readers and advertising dollars, Dow Jones  amp; Co. is launching a Saturday edition of its flagship newspaper, The Wall Street Journal, beginning in September 2005, the company announced Wednesday.
Vodafone Launch BlackBerry 7100v  With New Form Vodafone have today announced a new form of BlackBerry, the 7100v. It has been designed with the BlackBerries creator, RIM (Research In Motion) and will be the first release of a new form factor.
Mickelson confident despite change in equipment Phil Mickelson remains true to his TV ads that ask:  quot;What will Phil do next? quot; At the end of the most successful season of his career, Mickelson arrived 
Ruud to the rescue Man Utd needed a Ruud van Nistelrooy double to secure a 2-2 draw away to Lyon in their Champions League opener. Utd were heading for a stunning defeat until the intervention of the Dutch goal machine, who 
Shoulder injury blow for Real #39;s Zidane Real Madrid says French play-maker Zinedine Zidane will be out for at least three weeks after dislocating his right shoulder in their 3-0 Champions League defeat to Bayer Leverkusen in Germany.
Paralympic Drug Scandal Prompts Warning Paralympics boss Phil Craven today warned of a zero-tolerance policy towards drugs cheats after he was confronted with the first doping scandal of the Athens Games before the event has even started.
Unionists must make power-sharing pledge - Adams Unionist demands for the IRA to be wound up can be met as soon as they give a pledge to share power in Northern Ireland, Gerry Adams stressed today.
Musharraf Poised to Keep Military Post Despite Earlier Promise Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has indicated he is reconsidering a promise to relinquish his second post as military chief later this year.
Infineon pleads guilty of DRAM price fixing; to pay \$160mn fine LONDON, September 16 (New Ratings) - Infineon Technologies (IFX.ETR) has agreed to plead guilty and to pay a fine of \$160 million to settle the federal charges of participating in an international conspiracy of DRAM price fixing.
Corus Reports First-Ever Profit, Revives Bond Sales (Update6) Corus Group Plc, the UK #39;s biggest steelmaker, reported its first profit and revived plans to sell 500 million euros (\$608 million) of bonds to refinance debt after it benefited from higher steel prices and cost cuts.
Havas Returns To Profitability Amid Takeover Speculation Asserting that a second quarter improvement has drawn it  quot;closer to the figures of certain of our competitors, quot; Havas Chairman and CEO Alain de Pouzilhac said the company is on pace with the restructuring plan it unveiled last year that the company hoped 
Caesars Expected to Unveil Casino Deal Caesars Entertainment Inc.(CZR.N: Quote, Profile, Research) is expected on Thursday to unveil a deal with a California Indian tribe to develop and manage a \$250 million casino complex near Fresno in the central part of the state.
Briton, two Americans kidnapped as Iraq hostage crisis escalates BAGHDAD : Two Americans and a Briton were kidnapped from their smart Baghdad home, as the two main powers behind last year #39;s invasion became the latest victims of a five-month-old hostage crisis.
Letters: Palestinian leadership The decision by Marwan Barghouti, an imprisoned Palestinian leader, to run for president of the Palestinian Authority should be welcomed by all who want to see real democracy emerge in Palestine ( quot;Barghouti faces Fatah opposition, quot; Dec. 3).
Before-the-Bell: OmniVision, Nortel Down (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of OmniVision Technologies Inc.\ fell 6.2 percent in premarket trading on Thursday, the\morning after the image sensor designer announced the\resignation of its chief financial officer.
Malaysia Boosts Border Watch to Rein in Bird Flu (Reuters) Reuters - Malaysia is sending more troops to\its border with Thailand to check smuggling of chickens into\northern Kelantan state, under quarantine for a bird flu virus\that can kill humans, defense officials said on Thursday.
Rocket lands near Afghan school as President Karzai due to visit (AFP) AFP - A rocket landed near a school in southeast Afghanistan minutes before President Hamid Karzai was due to visit, forcing him to abandon his trip, presidential spokesman Jawad Ludin told AFP.
Stocks Seen Flat as Nortel and Oil Weigh  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open near  unchanged on Thursday after a warning from technology  bellwether Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.N&lt;/A&gt; dimmed hopes, while  stubbornly high oil prices also weighed on sentiment.
Before-the-Bell: OmniVision, Nortel Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of OmniVision Technologies Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OVTI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OVTI.O&lt;/A&gt; fell 6.2 percent in premarket trading on Thursday, the  morning after the image sensor designer announced the  resignation of its chief financial officer.
Gunmen Kidnap Two Americans, Briton in Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen snatched two Americans and a  Briton from a house in an affluent neighborhood of central  Baghdad on Thursday, the latest in a nearly six-month campaign  of abductions of foreigners in Iraq.
2 Americans, 1 Briton Kidnapped in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Gunmen abducted two Americans and a Briton in a brazen attack Thursday on a house in an upscale Baghdad neighborhood where many embassies and foreign companies are based, the Interior Ministry and witnesses said. It was the latest in a wave of kidnappings of foreigners in Iraq...
Nortel Sees Lower 3rd-Quarter Revenue Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) expects to report lower 2004 third-quarter revenues compared to the second quarter, North America #39;s largest maker of telecom equipment 
Dollar Idles vs. Euro Before US Data The dollar kept close to the previous session #39;s one-week highs against the euro on Thursday, holding steady as investors awaited US data to confirm fresh signs of strength in US manufacturing.
IBM Chip Stores ID in Silicon IBM is the first PC manufacturer to use a National Semiconductor chip that stores a PC #39;s identity in silicon to avert hackers by safeguarding passwords and other sensitive identity information.
Quiet Man Hughes Will Do It his Way Mark Hughes today vowed that his understated style of management would not be compromised as he embraced the role of lifting Blackburn out of the Barclays Premiership relegation zone.
CARDINALS FACE TOUGH MATCH Winners of 16 games in a row, including last year #39;s post-season run to a Super Bowl title, the New England Patriots visit the Arizona Cardinals as overwhelming favourites on Sunday in an interconference match-up.
Police videos end live ID parades The tradition of identification parades at the police station is to end as technology takes over.
The Other Mars Meteorite The most famous Mars meteorite, the Allen Hills rock with its strange, cylindrical rock segments, may not be the most intriguing.     Astrobiology Magazine -- Perhaps the most famous of the martian meteorites was discovered at Allen Hills, Antarctica, and spawned a controversy about fossil-shapes and whether Mars could once have supported more favorable conditions than today...
Orange Launches 3G Services (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Orange has launched its long-awaited 3G mobile service in the UK, with the goal of signing up as many as 2 million subscribers by the end of 2006.
Supercomputers Help With Hurricane Forecasting Thousands of miles from the rain and wind of Hurricane Ivan, a model of the storm swirls in the memory and processors of a supercomputer that can predict its likely course and strength.
Cingular Wireless Makes Phone for Vision-Impaired By BRUCE MEYERSON    NEW YORK (AP) -- A new cellular application promises to help vision-impaired people who can't read the screen of a mobile phone. It responds to spoken commands with voice recognition technology and reads back menu options, text messages, and other information to the user...
XM Satellite Radio to Begin Broadcasting on Web XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (XMSR) will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company's discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users used to circumvent the music industry's crackdown on illegal file sharing.
AT T Wireless to Offer Phoneless Messaging Service By BRUCE MEYERSON    NEW YORK (AP) -- In a detour from the cellular industry's rush toward tricked out smart phones, AT T Wireless Services Inc. (AWE) may introduce a device that can't be used for voice calls...
High-Tech Job Market Still Bleak By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- Researchers at the University of Illinois in Chicago have confirmed what many high-tech workers have long suspected: The job market for technology experts remains bleak, years after the U.S. recession officially ended in late 2001...
Triumphant return of the big &lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; logo t-shirt &lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Cue trumpets, etc
Strike in Kashmir over separatists' killing (Reuters) Reuters - Shops and businesses were closed in most parts of Kashmir's main city on Thursday in protest against the killing of an aide to a top Kashmiri separatist leader.
August Consumer Prices Up 0.1 Percent  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices inched up just  0.1 percent last month as gasoline and car prices tumbled, the  government said on Thursday in a report that suggested the  Federal Reserve need not hurry to push interest rates higher.
Jobless Claims Up Less Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans lining up to  claim an initial week of jobless aid rose less than expected  last week, according to a report on Thursday that the Labor  Department said was unaffected by recent hurricanes.
U.S. Accuses Researchers of Animal Abuse (AP) AP - Federal regulators have accused University of California researchers of mistreating animals used in medical experiments over a three-year period, according to a complaint made public Tuesday by an animal-rights group.
Supercomputers Aid Hurricane Forecasting (AP) AP - Thousands of miles from the rain and wind of Hurricane Ivan, a model of the storm swirls in the memory and processors of a supercomputer that can predict its likely course and strength.
Clijsters Says She'll Marry Hewitt in February  LONDON (Reuters) - Belgium's Kim Clijsters and Australian  Lleyton Hewitt, the golden couple of tennis, will marry next  February in Australia.
Consumer Prices Nudge Up in August Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy.
Doctors Suggest Tax Breaks for Exercising By EMMA ROSS    LONDON (AP) -- Money spent on sports and exercise should be tax deductible as part of a national strategy to fight flab, say doctors in Britain who are grappling with one of the world's most rapidly growing obesity epidemics.    Ahead of a daylong conference Thursday on tackling obesity in primary care clinics, the Royal College of General Practitioners called on the government to consider tax breaks to make exercise more accessible and affordable to everybody...
Oracle hires HP VP to sell software hosting service Oracle Corp. has tapped Juergen Rottler, formerly with Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP), to head its growing On Demand unit, a division that sells software-hosting services.
NEC extends quantum cryptography range and speed NEC Corp. researchers have developed a quantum cryptography system with sufficient speed and range to make it commercially viable. It could go on sale in the second half of 2005, the researchers said Thursday.
Nortel Says 3rd-Qtr Revenue Will Fall From 2nd Qtr (Update2) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest maker of telephone equipment, said revenue in the third quarter will decline from the second quarter #39;s \$2.
August Consumer Prices Up 0.1 Percent US consumer prices inched up just 0.1 percent last month as gasoline and car prices tumbled, the government said on Thursday in a report that suggested the Federal Reserve need not hurry to push interest rates higher.
Jobless claims rise by 16,000 NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The number of Americans filing for unemployment assistance rose by 16,000 last week, the government reported, coming in below economists #39; estimates.
HBOS #39;s Crosby Shuns Abbey, Gives Santander 18 Million Clients James Crosby, chief executive of HBOS Plc, said yesterday he decided not to bid for Abbey National Plc, HBOS #39;s largest mortgage-banking rival, because cold analysis in the head #39; #39; told him not to.
EDS: US Air Bankruptcy to Cut Its Profits Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday the bankruptcy of US Airways Group Inc. (UAIRQ.OQ: Quote, Profile, Research) could sharply reduce its 
Kodak cuts 600 jobs MARK COLVIN: The global rise of digital photography has taken its toll in jobs in Victoria tonight. The global photography giant Eastman Kodak has been cutting jobs all over the world since January this year.
Bush and Kerry go head to head on science In the run up to the US presidential election, the science journal Nature has put 15 questions on current science debates to both candidates.
XM Radio Online launching in October XM Radio, after scrapping their XM PC Receiver because of piracy concerns, is launching their an online service next month. Theyre gonna charge \$7.
Dillon scythes through Bangladesh There was an uncharacteristic gravity wrapped around the West Indies yesterday. Gone was the carefree, calypso approach to their batting, while the bowling was clinical 
US seeks compromise over Iranian ultimatum but sticks to hard line VIENNA : The United States presented key EU states with a softened version of an ultimatum over Iran #39;s alleged nuclear weapons program but diplomats said the text was still too strong to win approval at the UN atomic agency #39;s meeting in Vienna.
Probe launched into parliament intrusion Britain has launched an inquiry into the first storming of its parliament since 1674 after a protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government.
Search Engine Watch Blog Opens Search Engine Watch gains a blog, as a new method of better speading news and information about search engines to readers.
Consumer Prices Climb; Jobless Claims Up Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy. The over-the-month-increase in the Consumer Price Index, the government #39;s most closely watched 
Delta #39;s ex-CEO to take up NY duties Retired Delta Air Lines Chief Executive Leo Mullin, who still lives in Atlanta, will be spending more time in New York City serving as senior adviser to the private equity group at Goldman Sachs.
BNP Paribas Peregrine estimates 7 years of economic feast in HK BNP Paribas Peregrine said Thursday Hong Kong is expected to enjoy seven years of economic feast and the city is now entering the second year.
US rate futures struggle despite tame Aug inflation Short-term interest rate futures struggled on Thursday after a government report showed that US core inflation for August was below market expectations.
Internet browser: Mozilla Vs Microsoft As browsers like Mozilla and Opera find more widespread use, Microsofts Internet Explorer is facing a new challenge to its superman status in the world of browsers, says LinuxInsider in its sneak preview of new Mozilla Firefox browser.
Adobe announces Photoshop Elements 3.0 for Macintosh Adobe Systems Incorporated today announced Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0 for Macintosh, a major upgrade to its digital imaging software for photo hobbyists that makes it easier than ever to enhance images and transform photos.
Antarctic declared perfect place for astronomy!: Technology India Washington, Sep 16 : Scientists have proposed the building of a telescope in the Antarctic, claiming that the calm air above the icy landscape makes it the best place on Earth for astronomy.
Hurricanes, global warming and scientists: A volatile stew Pick two scientists, any two scientists with strong climatology credentials, and ask whether global warming has anything to do with the recent onslaught of hurricanes and typhoons.
IBM PC Chip to Protects User Passwords CNET News.com reports today that IBM will start shipping its PCs with a new chip which stores passwords and computer #39;s identity in silicon, making it harder for hackers to access.
Good progress for JV and Renault at Silverstone The Mild Seven Renault F1 Team today continued testing at Silverstone, with Fernando Alonso and Jacques Villeneuve representing the team.
Cricket: Australia replace Lee with Watson for Kiwis LONDON : Australa won the toss and elected to field in their winner-takes-all ICC Champions Trophy Pool A match against New Zealand here at the Oval.
Doan an instant hero in Canada Scoring the decisive goal for Team Canada in an important game comes with an instant one-way ticket to Heroville north of the border.
Gunmen seize Brit and two Americans The Iraqi Interior Ministry today said the men were seized from their house in the al-Mansour neighbourhood at dawn. Reports said that there was no fighting during the incident but neither the Foreign Office 
School reopens in a town of silence BESLAN, Russia When one small boy saw the armed soldier guarding the door of his school Wednesday morning, he pulled on his mother #39;s hand and burst into tears.
Stocks Seen Flat After Warning by Nortel  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open near unchanged  on Thursday following a warning from technology bellwether  Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.N&lt;/A&gt; and a further rise in oil prices  as Hurricane Ivan struck the Gulf Coast.
Oil Higher as Hurricane Its U.S. Shores  LONDON (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Thursday as  Hurricane Ivan slammed into the U.S. Gulf Coast, where over a  quarter of the country's oil and gas is produced.
Afghan President Escapes Assassination on Poll Trip  GARDEZ, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Afghan President Hamid  Karzai escaped an assassination bid on Thursday when a rocket  was fired at his U.S. military helicopter as it was landing in  the southeastern town of Gardez.
Consumer Prices Climb; Jobless Claims Up Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy.
Trend Micro Delivers Mobile Security (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Antivirus software specialist Trend Micro (Nasdaq: TMIC) is extending its expertise to next-generation handheld devices with the launch of Mobile Security, an application aimed at smartphones and PDAs.
Survivor's Mesmerizing Beat The ninth installment of the hit CBS reality series kicks off its tribal warring ways.
Consumer Prices Climb; Jobless Claims Up WASHINGTON - Consumer prices rose just 0.1 percent in August, a sign that inflation poses no immediate risk to the economy.    The over-the-month-increase in the Consumer Price Index, the government's most closely watched inflation gauge, came after prices dipped by 0.1 percent in July, the Labor Department reported Thursday...
Martha Stewart Decides Prison Is a Good Thing Right About Now Martha Stewart said yesterday she wants to begin her prison term as soon as possible. Speaking at a packed news conference held at the offices of her Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.
Alitalia near collapse Near-bankrupt Alitalia held crucial contract negotiations with unions representing flight attendants and ground staff Wednesday in a last-minute attempt to save the state-controlled airline from collapse.
Bankruptcy looming at Delta, auditor says Delta Air Lines said Wednesday it has revised its 2003 annual report to include a new report by its independent auditor warning that bankruptcy is looming.
Eastman Kodak to Close Australia Plant Eastman Kodak Co., the world #39;s largest maker of photographic film, said Thursday that it will close a plant in Coburg, Australia at the end of November, affecting a total of about 600 employees at the plant and associated operations.
OFT  #39;considering #39; iTunes  #39;rip-off #39; claims UK regulator the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) has not initiated an investigation into Apple #39;s iTunes UK pricing. The Consumer #39;s Association (CA) yesterday filed a complaint with the OFT, alleging that Apple is  quot;ripping-off quot; UK music buyers.
Adobe Unveils Home Video Editing App Adding to its offerings for digital imaging and video hobbyists, Adobe Systems this week is announcing a new video-editing package and an update to its Photoshop Elements image-editing product.
NHL Lockout Begins Put the Zamboni machines in mothballs. What looks to be an extremely long NHL lockout has begun. The collective bargaining agreement between the league #39;s owners and its players expired at midnight 
New Blackburn manager Hughes to stay on with Wales for two games Mark Hughes took over as manager of Blackburn Rovers on Friday but will still lead Wales in its next two World Cup qualifying games.
Australia v New Zealand- ICC Champions Trophy scoreboard  Cricket-New Zealand 198-9 v Australia - ICC Champions Trophy September 16, 2004 12:40:46 LONDON, Sept 16 (Reuters) - After being put into bat by Australia captain Ricky Ponting, New Zealand hit 198-9 in 50 overs in their Champions Trophy Pool A match 
Energy keen to light up Europe Zimbabwe goalkeeper Energy Murambadoro believes it is only a matter of time before he gets a dream move to a top European club. Murambadoro, selected as one of the best players of the 2004 African Cup of Nations 
Microsoft Offering Early Security Warnings Microsoft Corp. has quietly begun giving some of its largest customers early warning of security problems with its products. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Supercomputers Aid Hurricane Forecasting Thousands of miles from the rain and wind of Hurricane Ivan, a model of the storm swirls in the memory and processors of a supercomputer that can predict its likely course and strength.
BBC: Annan: Invasion of Iraq is illegitimate The UN secretary general Kofi Annan considered yesterday in an interview broadcast by the BBC ( world section) that the American invasion of Iraq in 2003  quot;was illegitimate.
11 Palestinians killed in Israeli operations in the West Bank At least four Palestinians were killed in a raid carried out by the Israeli occupation forces yesterday against Jenin city in the West Bank, according to medical and security sources.
Gunmen kidnap top Gaza official Witnesses say the attackers surrounded Brigadier-General Mohammad al-Batrawi #39;s car and forced him to drive off. Brigadier Batrawi is head of the financial surveillance department of the Palestinian security forces.
Hibiscus Flowers Help Your Heart New research finds extract helps control cholesterol levels    HealthDayNews -- Hibiscus flowers may help your heart in the same way that red wine and tea do, claims new research from China.    Hibiscus contains antioxidants that help control cholesterol levels and reduce heart disease, says a study in the current issue of the Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture...
Mouth Cells Coaxed to Repair Eye Damage By Ed Edelson, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Japanese researchers say they have turned cells from the mouth into eye cells that have successfully been implanted in four patients to repair damage to the delicate outer layer of the cornea.    American ophthalmologists described the work as an impressive achievement in basic science, but one that needs much more investigation before it can be applied to treatment of patients when the outermost layer of the cornea is damaged by corrosive chemicals, fire or medical disorders...
Part of Brain That Extinguishes Fears Found The areas of the brain involved in learning fears have been known, but new research now identifies the areas involved in extinguishing those fears. The amygdala is a key in both learning and unlearning fears. 
US August Inflation Mild, Job Claims Rise (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer prices inched up just\0.1 percent last month as gasoline and car prices tumbled, the\government said on Thursday in a report suggesting an inflation\spike earlier this year was an aberration.
Mets Manager Fired but Will Finish Season (AP) AP - Art Howe came to the New York Mets fresh off three straight playoff appearances in Oakland, fully ready to turn around a faltering franchise.
Jobless Claims Up Less Than Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The number of Americans lining up to\claim an initial week of jobless aid rose less than expected\last week, according to a report on Thursday that the Labor\Department said was unaffected by recent hurricanes.
Indonesia Meeting Urges Greater Religious Tolerance Religious leaders from around Southeast Asia and Australia are urging greater efforts to promote tolerance and understanding. They met in Indonesia to build inter-religious bridges to reduce the threat posed by extremists.
Alitalia Ground Crew Unions Agree to Cuts (AP) AP - Alitalia said Thursday it has reached an agreement with unions representing its ground crew staff to cut 2,500 jobs and freeze pay increases, moving a step closer to approving a crucial restructuring plan.
Judge Weighs Evidence in IBM, SCO Case (AP) AP - IBM attorneys argued that Utah-based SCO Group has failed to provide any evidence that IBM allowed proprietary Unix code to enter the freely distributed Linux operating system and its  #36;5 billion suit making that claim should be dismissed.
United Airlines Sees More Job Losses  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The head of UAL Corp.'s United  Airlines said on Thursday the airline's restructuring plan  would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was  not clear how many.
Zook to replace Turner as Illini head coach Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Tuesday as Illinois #39; 22nd head football coach, sources told The Associated Press Monday.
Feedster and Eurekster Mix RSS, Blogs, and Social Search Feedster and Eurekster Mix RSS, Blogs, and Social Search\\Feedster, Inc., the RSS feed and blog search engine, today announced that it will power RSS and blog search results for Eurekster, the Internet search engine powered by social networking technology. By integrating Feedster rsquo;s news search technology and RSS feeds, Eurekster now ...
Google Enhances Google Local Service Google Enhances Google Local Service\\Google has announced enhancements to its newish Google Local service at http://local.google.com . When you go to the page you'll see a space for what you're looking for and another space for where you'll looking. The results pages is where you'll see the real difference.\\I decided ...
Williams aims for big improvement Danny Williams has said he will need to be 30-40 better than he was when he stunned Mike Tyson to dethrone WBC heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko.
Vodafone offers BlackBerry phone with smaller keyboard European users are expected to be some of the first to get their fingers on BlackBerry handsets featuring a new keyboard technology that promises streamlined typing functionality on compact, converged devices.
Nortel Says 3rd-Qtr Revenue Will Fall From 2nd Qtr (Update3) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest telephone-equipment maker, said third-quarter revenue will decline from the second quarter #39;s \$2.
Apple rip-off claims examined p2pnet.net News:- Britain #39;s Office of Fair Trading (OFT) says it #39;s examining claims that Apple is over-charging British iTunes customers.
Mars laser will beam super-fast data A laser that can beam data from Mars to Earth at 10 times the rate of current radio links will be flown to the Red Planet in 2009, say NASA scientists.
British, German envoys travel to North Korean blast site BEIJING - The British and German ambassadors to North Korea on Thursday travelled with other foreign diplomats from Pyongyang to the site of a huge explosion close to North Korea #39;s border with China, British officials said.
Senior Official Kidnapped in Gaza, Witnesses Say Gunmen kidnapped a senior official of the security forces in the Gaza Strip on Thursday, the latest sign of a surge in internal Palestinian unrest, witnesses said.
United Airlines Sees More Job Losses (Reuters) Reuters - The head of UAL Corp.'s United\Airlines said on Thursday the airline's restructuring plan\would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was\not clear how many.
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - DemoMobile provide advance look at gadgets on the go (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Sitting at the airport, you pull out a laptop or personal digital assistant and watch TV, delivered through Wi-Fi. Perhaps you'll grab an MP3 player instead, but rather than listen to downloaded tunes, you check out Internet radio. Or maybe you'll just make a call but thanks to the headset into which you are speaking, the person at the other end can make out your voice and not the blur of jet engines taking off at the same time.
U.S. Stocks Open Slightly Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks opened a little higher on  Thursday as investors were reassured by inflation data  suggesting the Fed need not hurry to push interest rates  higher.
U.S. Renews Iran Nuclear Complaint After New Photos  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official said on Thursday  that satellite photographs of a suspected nuclear industrial  site in Iran demonstrated its intention to develop atomic  weapons, an allegation Tehran dismissed as "a new lie."
Man Sentenced to Life for N.Irish Finucane Murder  BELFAST (Reuters) - A former Protestant guerrilla was  sentenced to life imprisonment on Thursday for the murder of  Catholic lawyer Pat Finucane, one of the most controversial  killings in 30 years of sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland.
Suspicion over Iran arms facility A US nuclear monitor shows satellite images of an Iranian weapons facility which may be working on nuclear weapons.
Should Your Next Car Be New or Used? Used cars have a lot to offer -- if you know what you're doing.
OPEC elects Sheikh Ahmad al-Sabah as a President, increase oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OPEC has extended a message to calm down to the oil consuming countries following an agreement by its countries in Vienna to increase the ceiling of oil production by 4, which means an increase of one million barrels a day, in the hope to reduce prices.
jobless claims rebound in latest week WASHINGTON (AFX) - The number of workers filing for state unemployment benefits rebounded by 16,000 in the week ended Sept. 11 to 333,000, the Labor Department said.
EDS stung by US Airways again Electronic Data Systems, which lost business when customer US Airways filed for bankruptcy protection the first time around, says the carrier #39;s latest filing also will hurt.
Benign inflation lifts bonds Consumer prices remain in line, boosting bond prices; dollar flat vs. euro, down against yen. NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Treasury prices rose slightly Thursday after a key economic report pointed to tame inflation 
Symantec: Anti-Blocking Software Is A Trojan According to a report in the Financial Times, Symantecs local office has announced that a program called Freegate, which allows users in China to access government-blocked Web sites, should be considered a Trojan horse.
Vodafone gets charmed by RIMs BlackBerry 7100v And wouldnt you know? European wireless carrier Vodafone gets its own version of Research In Motions new more cellphone-like BlackBerry that uses the same type of predictive-text keyboard as the one 
Golf: A hyperactive Ryder Cup The 35th Ryder Cup had not yet begun but the corporate pavilions were already in full swing: impatient clients and red and white impatiens in place at each well-appointed table inside Nicklaus Village.
Mickelson sticks to skipping practice There is no  quot;I quot; in team, but there are two in Phil Mickelson. While the rest of his Ryder Cup teammates took part in a practice round Wednesday 
Beijing Paralympic Games to be fabulous: IPC President The 13th Summer Paralympic Games in 2008 in Beijing will be extremely successful and  quot;fabulous quot;, Phil Craven, chief of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC),predicted here on Thursday.
Brazil #39;s Mello ousts second-seeded Fish in ATP tour DELRAY BEACH, Florida, United States of America -- Ricardo Mello of Brazil rallied to oust second-seeded American Mardy Fish 5-7, 6-4, 6-4 Wednesday in the second-round of the 380,000-dollar Millennium International tennis tournament.
Envoys view North Korean blast site SEOUL A group of foreign diplomats was escorted Thursday to the site of a recent huge blast in North Korea, a diplomat here said on condition of anonymity.
OPEC Boosts Nigeria #39;s Oil Revenue By .82m Bpd THE Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) is hiking its official output by one million barrels per day effective November with Nigeria getting 82,000 barrels per day or 8.2 per cent of the new quota.
Browns' Green Hopes to Have Outrun Woes (AP) AP - William Green had two options: run out of bounds and settle for a good gain, or fight for extra yardage and perhaps a first down.
Yeltsin warns against rolling back democracy in wake of Beslan (AFP) AFP - Russia's first post-Soviet president Boris Yeltsin issued a veiled warning that President Vladimir Putin's decision to hand sweeping new powers to the Kremlin in the wake of the Beslan hostage crisis could roll back democratic freedoms.
Sony Cautious on Profit Growth in Home Electronics (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Sony Corp. does not expect a\sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics\business during the crucial October to December quarter, citing\high costs to develop flat-panel televisions and a shrinking\market for home audio goods.
Ukraine Rivals OK Vote Reforms for Rematch (AP) AP - Ukraine's political rivals agreed at European-brokered talks Tuesday on legislation to ensure a fair vote in the Dec. 26 presidential rematch but failed to agree on constitutional amendments trimming presidential powers.
Can Microsoft Sue Open Office Users? (PC World) PC World - Software giant's deal with Sun has raised some questions.
Kodak to Close Australia Plant, Cut Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Eastman Kodak Co.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EK.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest maker of photographic film, will close a Coburg,  Australia, plant that makes color photographic paper at the end  of November, cutting about 600 jobs and causing a \$105 million  charge.
Rockies Terminate Neagle's Contract (AP) AP - Denny Neagle's contract was terminated by the Colorado Rockies on Monday, three days after the oft-injured pitcher was cited for solicitation.
Gaza Gunmen Kidnap Senior Palestinian Official  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen kidnapped a top  security official in the Gaza Strip on Thursday in a fresh  challenge to President Yasser Arafat's rule amid a wave of  unrest.
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Drop NEW YORK - Stocks regained some momentum Thursday as oil prices declined in spite of Hurricane Ivan's damper on production in the Gulf of Mexico, and fresh economic data suggested inflation remains well under control.    In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average gained 32.81, or 0.3 percent, to 10,264.17...
EDS Takes Hit on US Airways Bankruptcy EDS (EDS:NYSE - news - research) shares slipped Thursday after the company warned that an airline industry bankruptcy could take a big chunk out of earnings.
Jobless Claims Rise By 16,000 WASHINGTON -- The number of workers filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits rose last week. But the increase was smaller than economists had been expecting.
XM Radio To Launch Online Radio Stations The nation #39;s largest provider of satellite radio will launch a premium internet music service in early October. XM Satellite Radio, the nation #39;s largest provider of satellite radio with more than 2.1 million 
Where #39;s Phil? BLOOMFIELD TOWNSHIP, Mich. -- It #39;s not a Ryder Cup until there #39;s a controversy, invented or otherwise. On Wednesday the stage belonged to Phil Mickelson, who became a cause celebre by skipping a Ryder Cup 
Hughes Calls for Welsh Successor Departing Wales boss Mark Hughes has added his weight to the argument for appointing another Welshman to succeed him. The former Manchester United and Barcelona striker was unveiled 
WINDIES PERFORMANCE GIVES LARA HOPE Brian Lara hopes his improving West Indies can raise their game again on the way to the semi-finals of the ICC Champions Trophy. Lara is not about to get carried away with yesterday #39;s predictable landslide 
Sony Cautious on Home Electronics Profit  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Sony Corp. does not expect a  sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics  business during the crucial October to December quarter, citing  high costs to develop flat-panel televisions and a shrinking  market for home audio goods.
Cheek tissue to restore eyesight Japanese doctors have used thin sheets of cheek tissue to restore vision in people with a painful eye condition caused by damaged corneas.
New MyDoom offers 'how to' details "It's like they wanted to help us, which is weird," says one security expert of the latest bizarre twist in the worm's development.
Wired intros MediaPress encoder, Mason HD decoder Wired on Monday released its new MediaPress LE real-time MPEG encoding card and took advantage of its presence at this week #39;s DV Expo in Los Angeles to preview its upcoming Mason HD video decoder card, which the company said will ship in the first quarter 
Martha Cleans Up The news media were fascinated by Martha Stewart #39;s surprise request yesterday. She said she wanted to put the entire ImClone Systems (Nasdaq: IMCL) mess behind 
Consumer prices show slight climb The government #39;s latest Consumer Price Index shows little, if any, sign of inflation. The August CPI is up one-tenth of one percent.
XM Radio Launching Music Online The Washington, DC-based satellite radio operators new service - XM Radio Online - will launch early next month and will be free from commercials.
Hughes: I had to join Rovers New Blackburn manager Mark Hughes admitted today the job was an opportunity he  quot;couldn #39;t afford to miss quot;. Hughes was appointed last night following a few hours of negotiations 
FIRST-PERSON: Rangers pitcher should sit out a year MULKEYTOWN, Ill. (BP)--Maybe he watches too much professional wrestling. Maybe he #39;s really Bobby Knight #39;s illegitimate son.
Two Americans, One Briton, Kidnapped in Baghdad, US Says Two Americans and a Briton were kidnapped from their residence in the Mansour district of Baghdad by unknown gunmen this morning, the US embassy there said in an e-mailed statement from the Iraqi capital.
A Beslan mother #39;s impossible choice After more than 24 hours in captivity in Beslan school with her two daughters, Anetta had to make the choice. Terrorists came and said only one woman and only one baby could leave.
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Nortel Networks Corp.  on\Thursday warned that third-quarter sales will fall below its\second quarter and that full-year 2004 revenues at North\America's largest telecom equipment maker will lag the overall\sector.
Tuskegee-Benedict Football Game Postponed (AP) AP - Tuskegee University officials called off Saturday's football game with Benedict College because of Hurricane Ivan's impact on Alabama.
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday warned that third-quarter sales will fall below its  second quarter and that full-year 2004 revenues at North  America's largest telecom equipment maker will lag the overall  sector.
It's an Early Exit for Myskina  BALI (Reuters) - Top seed and French Open champion  Anastasia Myskina wilted early on at the Wismilak  International, falling in the second round to Maria Elena  Camerin 6-3, 1-6, 6-2 Thursday.
Bush Signs Storm Disaster Declarations (AP) AP - President Bush signed disaster declarations Thursday to speed federal assistance to hurricane-battered states and is considering a visit to the region, his spokesman said.
United Airlines CEO Sees Job Losses  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The head of UAL Corp.'s United  Airlines on Thursday said the airline's restructuring plan  would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was  not yet clear how many.
Gaza Gunmen Free Top Security Official-Witnesses  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen freed a top security  official on Thursday hours after abducting him in the Gaza  Strip in a fresh challenge to President Yasser Arafat's rule  amid a wave of unrest, witnesses said.
Saudis Say Politics, Not Religion, Behind U.S. Move  JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia (Reuters) - Prominent Saudis dismissed  U.S. accusations of severe violations of religious freedom in  the kingdom and said on Thursday that the criticisms were  politically motivated.
Musicians don #39;t fear the internet: report WASHINGTON - A new report suggests that musicians do not see the internet as a threat, a conclusion that flies in the face of efforts by the recording industry to crack down on people who use file-sharing networks like Kazaa.
Suspect confesses to Shia attacks A Pakistani militant says he carried out a string of attacks which killed at least 100 Shia Muslims.
United Airlines Sees More Job Losses The head of United said today the airline's restructuring plan would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was not clear how many.
The Costly Flip Side of Free Companies love to give away prizes, but that doesn't make them winners.
San Diego teen wins Siemens #39; top prize A San Diego-area teen who used scavenged parts to invent a gyroscopic generator that turns ocean waves into electricity won the top \$100,000 individual scholarship Monday in 
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) warned on Thursday that third-quarter sales will fall below its second quarter and that full-year 2004 revenues at 
160 million antitrust fine for memory chip maker Memory chip maker Infineon Technologies yesterday pled guilty to breaching US antitrust laws for price fixing in its dynamic random access memory (or DRAM) chip business.
UPDATE 1-US rate futures struggle despite low Aug inflation Short-term interest rate futures struggled on Thursday after a government report showing US core inflation for August below market expectations failed to alter views on Federal Reserve rate policy.
News deals Rupert \$18m bonus News Corporation has awarded its executive chairman Rupert Murdoch a staggering \$US12.5 million (\$18 million) performance bonus for the latest financial year - believed to be the biggest in Australian corporate history.
Law Must Respond to Internet Revolution CURRENTLY in South Africa a man is being prosecuted for having loaded a virus onto the Edgars computer network. The accused is a former employee of the organisation who had a labour dispute with his employer 
US FCC: High Speed Internet and television Yesterday, Michael Powell, US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman said that technology and telecommunications companies are working on ways to develop pipe television shows to consumers #39; homes via high-speed Internet lines.
Boxing News -- 24 hours/day - Reload often! Oscar De La Hoya and Bernard Hopkins held their final press conference Wednesday at the MGM Grand to promote their historic Saturday showdown that will ultimately net the winner all four-world titles in the middleweight division.
Fighting Irish should build on momentum There is no conference or in-state affiliation between these two programs, but it hasn #39;t prevented the annual Notre Dame-Michigan State game from becoming one of the most heated rivalries in all of college football.
Dalmiya authorised to take any action With a long-drawn legal battle looming over the contentious telecast rights, the Cricket Board today rallied behind its President Jagmohan Dalmiya authorising him to take necessary action in all matters.
Putin rules out Chechen talks Russian President Vladimir Putin has ruled out negotiations with Chechen rebels after the Beslan school bloodbath, further straining ties with Western leaders who are pressing for a political solution to Chechnya.
Army chief says planning advanced for Gaza pullout Planning for Israel #39;s withdrawal from the Gaza Strip is at an advanced stage and the army is awaiting only the order to go ahead, the Israeli army chief said on Thursday.
IBM wins \$1 billion networking contract from Lloyds International Business Machines Corp., one of the worlds largest personal computer makers, announced its partnership with British bank, Lloyds TSB.
Brits complain over iTunes prices A BRITISH consumer has complained to government regulators about the cost of downloading music from Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store.
Fox fires volley over stem policy Actor Michael J. Fox added his Hollywood power to Sen. John F. Kerry #39;s campaign yesterday, denouncing President Bush #39;s stem-cell research policy as blocking promising research on major diseases.
Mobiles take off ANOTHER haven from annoying ring tones and loud personal conversations is being closed off as researchers work on ways to make mobile phones available on aircraft.
Antarctic deemed perfect for stargazing The calm air above part of the Antarctic makes it the best place on Earth for astronomy, according to the scientists who propose building a telescope in the icy wilderness.
Ivan May Just Be a Messenger Hurricane Ivan is among the most powerful Atlantic storms in recent history, and more such storms are likely in the future due to global warming, say climate experts.
Wednesday at the Ryder Cup Bloomfield Hills, MI (Sports Network) - As I write this column about my first day at the 35th Ryder Cup Matches, there is something very interesting on my television at the moment.
Mello ousts Fish, gains quarters Delray Beach  After wondering out loud at times why he couldn #39;t get the ball over the net, Mardy Fish had little reaction the final time he hit one short.
Rower slaps Sally at homecoming LAY-DOWN rower Sally Robbins ran off in tears after a seething teammate slapped her at a welcome home dinner for Olympians. Witnesses said Victorian Catriona Oliver slapped Robbins three times on the arm at 
Three more appeals lodged against Olympic medal results The sports world #39;s highest court has received three new appeals involving medals in gymnastics, weightlifting and track and field awarded at last month #39;s Athens Olympics.
TV rights wrangle threatens India v Australia coverage A major wrangle over TV rights for Indian cricket is threatening to mar the build-up to a mouth-watering home test series against Australia next month.
Major US allies rejects UN secretary-general #39;s claim that Iraq war &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US allies Britain and Australia on Thursday rejected a claim by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan that the war in Iraq was  #39; #39;illegal #39; #39; because 
Chechen bombers slip the net TWO Chechen women suspected of blowing up two Russian passenger planes last month were detained but freed -- and then went on to bribe their way aboard.
Indonesian editor jailed for libel IN a significant strike against press freedom, an Indonesian court yesterday sentenced the chief editor of Indonesia #39;s leading news magazine, Tempo, to a one-year jail term on a charge of criminal defamation.
Sack Seeking Milosevic Lawyer Seeks Trial Suspension Slobodan Milosevics court-imposed British lawyer told the UN war crimes tribunal today he will ask for a suspension of hearings until an appeals chamber has considered overturning his appointment at the request of the former Yugoslav president.
A woman runs for office in Saudi Arabia (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - - When the Saudi government announced last month the particulars of municipal elections to be held here for the first time in 40 years, Nadia Bakhurji was thrilled that her country was taking a baby step toward democracy.
John Lynch Draws NFL Season's First Fine (AP) AP - John Lynch saw the next-day-mail envelope in his locker and he knew the news wasn't good. The Broncos safety had the distinction of being the first player to draw a fine this season, when the NFL sent him a letter Wednesday demanding  #36;7,500 for a hard hit on Chiefs receiver Dante Hall in the opener.
Trend Micro offers mobile security for free Trend Micro, a rival anti-virus firm to Symantec, made an announcement stating that it will offer its anti-virus and anti-spam security software for free to users until June, 2005.
American Home Comforts Suit European Ryder Rookies  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - For Americans, there  is no place quite like home. Europeans, however, always seem to  enjoy the challenge of foreign lands.
Business Cash for Bush Campaign, Lawyers for Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - With direct private fund-raising for\the presidential campaigns ended, President Bush has maintained\the traditional Republican edge among business leaders,\according to government data.
EDS:US Airways Bankruptcy to Cut Earnings  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Electronic Data Systems Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EDS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EDS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said the bankruptcy of US Airways Group  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OQ target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OQ&lt;/A&gt; could sharply reduce its third-quarter earnings  because of a long-term information technology contract between  the companies.
SUPERWEBINAR: Cisco #39;s 40-Gig CRS-1- Light Reading Test Results Overview: This webinar will provide insight into the results of the first independent industry evaluation of Cisco #39;s 40-Gig core router, the Carrier Routing System (CRS-1).
Jos. A. Bank's (Law) Suit New York's attorney general orders the company to change its advertising strategy.
US Airways bankruptcy sparks EDS earnings warning com September 16, 2004, 7:58 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Corus posts first profit LONDON (Dow Jones/AP) -- Corus Group PLC, one of the world #39;s largest makers of steel, Thursday reported a profit for the first time in its five-year history.
Trimmed down Monty has stomach for battle PADRAIG HARRINGTON is a gizmo boffin. He has a wristwatch that times the speed of his swing, and his playing partner, Colin Montgomerie, was blinking his eyes in wonder as he showed it off on the 10th tee at Oakland Hills, Michigan, yesterday.
US Airways woes spark EDS earnings warning The troubled tech company releases an estimate of the damage it could sustain in the wake of the airline's bankruptcy filing.
Airbus tests in-flight mobile phones European plane maker Airbus SAS has successfully completed the first in-flight trial of mobile phones and infrastructure equipment based on GSM (Global System for Mobile Communications) technology, the company said Wednesday.
US consumer prices up 0.1 percent in August The Consumer Price Index (CPI) in the United States increased by 0.1 percent in August following a drop of 0.1 percent in the previous month, the Labor Department reported on Thursday.
Nortel Says 3rd-Qtr Revenue Will Fall From 2nd Qtr (Update4) Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s largest telephone-equipment maker, said third-quarter revenue will fall from the second quarter #39;s \$2.
UPDATE 2-Williams ends effort to sell power business Williams Cos. Inc. (WMB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has scrapped efforts to sell its power business as the depressed wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the unit, the natural gas company said on Thursday.
Airbus: In-flight Cell-phone Use by 2006 European aero-producer Airbus has reported progress on plans that would allow passengers to use mobile phones during air travel, beginning in 2006.
Vodafone to bring Blackberry  #39;Charm #39; to Europe Research in Motion has confirmed web reports that Vodafone is to offer its mobile phone form-factor Blackberry 7100 - aka  #39;Charm #39; - in Europe.
SAB TV moves court: telecast rights In a fresh development in the legal battle over telecast rights of cricket matches, SAB TV on Thursday moved the Bombay high court urging it to intervene in the matter.
Sally still shoulders rowing blame It started with a late-race collapse, escalated in a physical threat and manifested in a highly public finger-pointing session. Now, after rower Catriona Oliver slapped Sally Robbins before stunned 
Milwaukee Brewers Team Report - September 16 (Sports Network) - The Brewers will try to keep Barry Bonds from getting his 700th homer today, when they close out their three-game series against the San Francisco Giants.
Qaeda Leaders Elusive Despite Pakistan Crackdown Pakistan appears no closer to crippling al Qaeda or snaring its leader, despite scores of militant arrests in recent months which highlighted 
Barrett gets life sentence for Finucane murder Loyalist killer Ken Barrett has been sentenced to 22 years in jail for the murder of Catholic solicitor Pat Finucane at his north Belfast home in February 1989.
'Moment of decision' has come for Northern Ireland peace: Blair (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair said the  quot;moment of decision quot; had come for Northern Ireland's Catholic and Protestant leaders to break two years of deadlock and secure a lasting peace.
Ex-U.S. Official Charged With Concealment (AP) AP - A former top-level State Department official illegally took a secret, unauthorized trip to Taiwan last year and met with Taiwanese intelligence officers, according to a criminal complaint.
Dems Challenge Bush in New Campaign Ad (AP) AP - The Democratic Party questions President Bush's credibility on Iraq and the economy in a new campaign ad that shows the Republican on an aircraft carrier declaring an end to major combat under a "Mission Accomplished" banner.
Bush campaigns to seize Democratic stronghold of Minnesota (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush launched a three-stop bus tour in this up-for-grabs state, hoping to become the first Republican White House hopeful to win Minnesota in 32 years.
Probe Opens Into British Parliament Intrusion  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain launched an inquiry on Thursday  into the first storming of its parliament since 1647 after a  protest stunt revealed shambolic security at the heart of Prime  Minister Tony Blair's government.
Chiefs Staying Positive Before Home Game They will be playing at home and this is not a playoff game, so the Kansas City Chiefs have every reason to expect that they will look like a completely different team when they face the Carolina Panthers on Sunday in a tussle between 0-1 teams.
Digital Eye on Ivan The Internet is a powerful tool for news organizations and emergency agencies as they track Hurricane Ivan's path through America's Southeast. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
United CEO sees  quot;significant quot; job cuts Won #39;t confirm reports of 6,000, or 10 of the airline #39;s work force; may terminate pension plan. BRUSSELS, Belgium (Reuters) - The head of UAL Corp.
Protein Design rises on Roche asthma-drug deal Shares of Protein Design Labs Inc (PDLI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose on Thursday after Swiss drugmaker Roche Holding AG (ROG.
Radical Antarctic telescope  quot;would outdo Hubble quot; Tests by a team from the University of New South Wales, reported in the journal Nature this week 16 September, show that the Dome C site in the Australian Antarctic Territory is by far the best place ever tested on Earth for doing infrared 
Lockout could be NHL #39;s demise The National Hockey League went on resuscitation at 12:01 am today, the right time for the fewest people possible to hear any commotion whatsoever, despite a year of blaring sirens beforehand.
Tigers Ryder Cup Conundrum It wasnt all that long ago that golfs Ryder Cup was an obscure country-club weekend of drinking and revelry against the backdrop of an American rout of the outmanned British.
Cincinnati Reds Team Report - September 16 (Sports Network) - The Reds begin a four-game set against the Chicago Cubs at Great American Ball Park today. Cincinnati will rely on righthander Josh Hancock to get the job done on the mound tonight.
Annan terms iraq war illegal; says credible elections unlikely United Nations: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has termed the US-led invasion of Iraq  quot;illegal quot; as it contravened the world body #39;s charter and said he feared  quot;credible quot; elections in that country as planned were unlikely to take place given the present 
Digital Eye on Ivan (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - As Hurricane Ivan tears into the heart of the Southeast today after slamming into Alabama's Gulf Coast early this morning, the Internet is playing a key role in keeping the public informed about  the powerful storm.
This Date in Baseball for Sept. 17 (AP) AP - 1930  #151; Cleveland's Earl Averill drove in eight runs with three consecutive home runs to lead the Indians to a 13-7 victory over the Washington Senators in a doubleheader opener. Averill added another homer in the nightcap, which the Senators took 6-4, and set an American League record with 11 RBIs in the twinbill.
Kodak, IBM to Make Sensors for Cameras (AP) AP - Eastman Kodak Co. and International Business Machines Corp. Thursday said they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.
US inflation in check, giving Fed room to maneuver (AFP) AFP - New data showed US inflation in check, with consumer prices up a modest 0.1 percent in August, giving the Federal Reserve room go slow on boosting interest rates.
The Finer Points of Finance (The Motley Fool) The Motley Fool - NS: Most people know that Bankrate (Nasdaq: RATE - News) compiles rates for CDs, home equity loans, credit cards, mortgages, and other popular products. But some may not be aware that the company actually tracks data for over 310 product categories in over 400 markets (both numbers have expanded recently). Can you list a few of the more unusual products that you follow?
Consumer prices inch higher The US Labor Department said Thursday inflation at the consumer level remained tame in August. The consumer price index rose 0.1 percent in August, reversing a 0.1 percent decline in July, the Labor Department said.
UK watchdog queries iTunes pricing In the UK, iTunes charges consumers STG0.79 per song, or around EUR1.20. In France and Germany, however, the cost of downloads is just EUR0.
CL KO for Frisk The Champions League is back, and there are already plenty of talking points after an-incident packed first round of matches. The biggest story to come out of the last few days is from the Stadio Olimpico 
Blair:  quot;Moment of decision quot; for Northern Ireland The Prime Minister has arrived in Northern Ireland for crunch talks on the future of devolved government in the region. All the main political parties, along with Tony Blair and his Irish counterpart Bertie 
Pan-African Parliament Opens in South Africa Africa #39;s new representative body, the Pan-African Parliament, has opened its first session in its new home in South Africa. South African President Thabo Mbeki was joined by drummers and dancers to welcome 
Colts Face Second Week of Heavy Schedule (AP) AP - The Indianapolis Colts are one of the NFL's best teams and did nothing to hurt their reputation in a three-point loss in New England on opening night. Now they go into Tennessee an underdog for the second straight week, step two in a devastating early schedule.
Kuznetsova, Petrova Advance at Wismilak (AP) AP - Svetlana Kuznetsova, fresh off her championship at the U.S. Open, defeated Australian qualifier Samantha Stosur 6-4, 6-4 Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Wismilak International.
EU Says US Demand for Airbus Aid Ban Is Difficult #39; to Accept The European Union said it would be very difficult #39; #39; to accept a US demand for a ban on government loans for new Airbus SAS programs as part of changes to an aircraft-aid agreement that also applies to Boeing Co.
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales Retreating from an upbeat forecast it made just last month, Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday warned that third-quarter sales will fall 
Smithsonian Unveils Ocean Science Program WASHINGTON - A new ocean science program dedicated to studying and explaining the world #39;s oceans is the latest offering from the Smithsonian Institution (news - web sites) #39;s National Museum of Natural History.
Mozilla Updates Firefox Browser Mozilla has released a preview version of its open source FireFox Web browser. FireFox 1.0PR includes some bug fixes and many new features, including Live Bookmarks, a new Find toolbar and better IE compatability.
Sun-Microsoft deal raises Open Office questions SEPTEMBER 16, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Microsoft Corp. yesterday said it is looking to work more closely with developers of the Open Office open-source project.
Symantec #39;s  #39;trojan #39; mistake p2pnet.net News:- In an interview in China Scope Dynamic Internet Technology (DIT) ceo Bill Xia described Dynamic Internet as,  quot;a technical system to break through China #39;s Internet blockade ... People in China cannot access any political forums or .
Bill Proposals Call for Cybersecurity Enhancements As the 108th Congress scrambles in its final days to address homeland security issues, US Reps. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) and Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.
Norton AntiVirus 2005 Certified by ICSA, and AV-Test.org reports 100 percent detection. Easy scheduling. Scans inbound e-mail, outbound e-mail, and IM attachments.
Mark Hughes opens up MARK Hughes had just finished watching Manchester United draw 2-2 with Lyon in the Champions League, when he decided the Echo would be first to hear his inner feelings about one of the most amazing weeks in his life, never mind his career.
Top-seed Myskina eliminated, but Kuznetsova and Petrova advance Svetlana Kuznetsova, fresh off her championship at the US Open, defeated Australian qualifier Samantha Stosur 6-4, 6-4 Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Wismilak International.
2 Americans and Briton Are Kidnapped by Rebels in Baghdad Insurgents kidnapped two American and one British contractor in a brazen dawn raid on their home in one of Baghdad #39;s most upscale neighborhoods, underscoring the rapidly 
Prime Ministers Call for IRA Disbandment LEEDS CASTLE, England Sept. 16, 2004 - The leaders of Britain and Ireland appealed Thursday to the Irish Republican Army to disarm and disband as part of a new diplomatic push to bring stable Catholic-Protestant government to Northern Ireland.
Pan-African Parliament Opens With High Hopes A lavish ceremony has marked the opening of the second session of the Pan-African Parliament. It is the first time the body is meeting in South Africa, it is permanent host country.
Public Service Workers Strike in South Africa A one-day nationwide strike of civil service workers in South Africa has brought education to a standstill and affected many other state agencies.
DORTMUND YOUTH FACE UP TO BAYERN Borussia Dortmund coach Bert van Marwijk may have to select a number of inexperienced players for Saturday #39;s Bundesliga clash against Bayern Munich at the Westfalenstadion.
Capital benefits for News NEWS Corporation shareholders were told yesterday to expect an even brighter future if the global media conglomerate moved its primary listing to the New York stock exchange.
Infineon to plead guilty in memory chip case Becomes the first company to plead guilty to conspiring with manufacturers to fix the prices of DRAM chips in a 2-year probe. WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO: Germany #39;s Infineon Technologies AG has agreed to plead 
Clear Channel Radio pursues Hispanic listeners Over the next year and a half, Clear Channel Radio -- which owns six stations in the Austin market -- will convert 20 to 25 stations around the country to Hispanic formats.
British Government Criticizes Apple for Download Costs Phil Evans, principal quality adviser for the Consumers #39; Association, said:  quot;We #39;re continually told about the benefits of the Internet, about it breaking down borders.
Beyond the mirage of cell science Microscopic embryonic stem cells might hold the answer to afflictions from baldness, wrinkles, and age spots to the most intractable diseases.
Blackberry shrinks phone keyboard A new keyboard for phones that incorporates a traditional Qwerty layout and a standard number pad has been developed by the makers of the Blackberry mobiles.
Is Microsoft Poised to Sue OpenOffice Licensees? Fear has been mounting in the open-source community that Microsoft could start suing users at any time for alleged patent violations.
DHS moves ahead with cybersecurity R amp;D efforts SEPTEMBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - SAN MATEO, Calif. -- The Department of Homeland Security is actively planning several new pilot projects that officials hope will help solve one of the most pressing cybersecurity 
Who goes there? Remembering all your passwords and keeping your computer safe is not easy these days. We offer some top tips to help you out. If you #39;ve ever lost, misplaced or forgotten the keys to your home, you #39;ll know how much of an inconvenience it can be.
Security threats outside the PC Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
Australia cruise into semifinals London, Sept. 16. (PTI): World Champions Australia sounded a stern warning to their rivals as they thumped New Zealand by seven wickets in a Group A league match and entered the semifinals of the ICC Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament.
Early exit for Myskina in Bali Top seed and French Open champion Anastasia Myskina wilted early on at the Wismilak International, falling in the second round to Maria Elena Camerin 6-3 1-6 6-2 on Thursday.
Special to Page 2 Nothing could be worse for golf than Vijay Singh as the PGA Tour #39;s No. 1 player. Seriously, Singh replacing Tiger Woods as the world #39;s No.
Plenum Could Bring Leadership Changes China #39;s ruling Communist Party leaders, led by Hu Jintao, began a four-day closed-door plenum in Beijing today that is due to set policy for the next year and could bring some leadership changes.
Finucane Killer Could Be Free in Eight Months Pat Finucanes killer expects to be a free man by next May despite a judge jailing him today for a minimum of 22 years. Loyalist assassin Ken Barrett, 41, is expected 
Privacy complaint against Northwest dismissed The carrier did nothing wrong when it shared passenger data related to the Sept. 11 attacks, the Department of Transportation rules.
Mayer Moves to Romania Quarterfinals (AP) AP - Second-seeded Florian Mayer of Germany defeated Arnaud Di Pasquale of France 7-6 (6), 4-6, 6-3 Thursday to advance to the quarterfinals of the Romania Open.
Pound soars against dollar after shock rise in retail sales (AFP) AFP - Sterling continued to outperform the dollar after official figures showed British high-street spending was unexpectedly robust in August, helping to build the case for another rate hike by the Bank of England.
Airbus Denies Backing Microsoft in EU Case (Reuters) Reuters - Aircraft maker Airbus \insisted on Thursday it had no intention of taking sides in a\Microsoft  anti-trust case, even though it filed a\brief in an EU court on the software giant's side.
Stocks Rise as Oil Price Dips After Ivan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Thursday as  inflation data suggesting the Federal Reserve will not hurry to  raise interest rates encouraged investors and oil prices  slipped as some refineries restarted after Hurricane Ivan.
National Semiconductor Unveils 'Trusted' Chip for PCs (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - IBM will use the new devices, designed to make it more difficult for hackers to access a system's data, in its latest line of ThinkCentre PCs.
Nortel Warns of Weaker Sales  OTTAWA (Reuters) - Retreating from an upbeat forecast it  made just last month, Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday  warned that third-quarter sales will fall below its second  quarter and 2004 revenue growth at North America's largest  telecom equipment maker will lag the sector.
Smithsonian Unveils Ocean Science Program (AP) AP - A new ocean science program dedicated to studying and explaining the world's oceans is the latest offering from the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Natural History.
Gulf Falconers Push Rare Bird Toward Extinction (Reuters) Reuters - The majestic saker falcon is being\pushed toward extinction because of soaring demand from wealthy\Gulf Arabs who prize the animal for its hunting prowess,\conservation group BirdLife International said on Wednesday.
U.S. Mint Unveils New Designs for Nickel There's change in store for Thomas Jefferson - on the nickel that is. He's getting his first makeover since being put on the coin in 1938.
Hotels, Union End Talks, Prepare for Strike Negotiators for 14 major District hotels walked out of contract talks with the union that represents 3,800 employees yesterday afternoon, raising the prospect of a work stoppage as early as today at the city's largest hotels.
Gasoline Fuels 7-Eleven's Growth The convenience store chain's sales growth depends heavily on high gas prices.
Success Can Be Bitter, Apple A U.K. consumer watchdog office is investigating claims of unfair pricing practices.
Stocks Climb Higher As Oil Prices Fall NEW YORK - Stocks regained some momentum Thursday as oil prices declined in spite of Hurricane Ivan's damper on production in the Gulf of Mexico, and fresh economic data suggested inflation remains well under control.    Analysts are closely watching stocks for signs that the market will stabilize in the second half of the year, but volatile moves on news have made it difficult to build confidence among investors, particular given recent fluctuations in oil prices...
Fan Spends \$25K Hoping for Bonds HR Ball LOS ANGELES - Spending nearly \$25,000 for baseball tickets seemed like a worthy investment to Michael Mahan, considering the 700th home run ball crushed by Barry Bonds will likely fetch a much higher price.    But it appears Bonds will reach that historic milestone in the coming days so Mahan, a lifelong Los Angeles Dodger fan, has been selling most of those tickets in the right-field pavilion at Dodger Stadium...
Raptors' GM Expects Vince Carter to Stay TORONTO - Vince Carter wants out of Toronto, but the Raptors' new general manager says he isn't going anywhere.   "It doesn't change anything with us," Rob Babcock told The Associated Press on Thursday...
US rate futures rally after Philly Fed flop Short-term interest rate futures rallied on Thursday after a weaker-than-expected Philadelphia Fed factory survey made a pause in official rate increases look more possible.
Martha wants to go to jail now Millionaire executive Martha Stewart announced Wednesday that she decided to begin her prison sentence for lying about a stock trade as soon as possible.
Goodale refuses to comment on rumours that PetroCan sale close OTTAWA (CP) - Finance Minister Ralph Goodale refused to comment Thursday on rumours that the federal government is on the verge of a multibillion-dollar sale of its stake in Petro-Canada.
2,000 jobs in peril at Jaguar Workers at the historic Jaguar plant at Browns Lane in Coventry were today anxiously waiting to find out whether Ford would shut down the factory with the loss of 2,000 jobs.
UPI NewsTrack Business US stocks gained ground in early trading Thursday after tame inflation reports and better than expected jobless news. Oil prices held steady as Hurricane Ivan battered the Gulf coast, where oil operations have halted.
Success Can Be Bitter, Apple The worm may have turned for Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL). After years -- decades really -- of instigating, exacerbating, or at least cheering every regulatory swipe at 
Nose-controlled device may replace computer mouse OTTAWA - A Canadian inventor has designed a computer mouse steered by movements of the nose and eyelids. The invention, dubbed a  quot;Nouse, quot; is meant to help people with a disability use a computer.
National Semiconductor Unveils  #39;Trusted #39; Chip for PCs Chip maker National Semiconductor Inc. is rolling out hardware devices designed to make desktop and laptop PCs more secure. The Santa Clara, Calif.
Internet Explorer loses market share Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer is continuing to lose some of its share of the browser market, as its much-smaller competitors slowly gain customers, according to US Internet periodical, eWeek.
Vodafone Launches New 7100V BlackBerry Phone Vodafone today announced the launch of a new addition to its BlackBerry from Vodafone family -- the BlackBerry 7100v. Developed and manufactured by Research In Motion, the BlackBerry 7100v from Vodafone is 
Adobe launches Premiere  #39;lite #39; First consumer version of video-editing product. And there #39;s a new version 3.0 of Photoshop Elements. Adobe has launched Premiere Elements, the first  #39;lite #39; version of its Premier video-editing suite, plus 
The Security Industry: Where Objectivity Is a Lie It #39;s not that there aren #39;t Unix attacks that work. It #39;s that pretty much everything the security industry does misrepresents the actual balance between attacks on Microsoft #39;s products and attacks on Unix and open source.
Microsoft Keeps Legal Options Against Office Alternative Microsoft #39;s settlement with Sun Microsystems includes a provision explicitly preserving Microsoft #39;s right to sue licensees of a free alternative to its dominant Microsoft Office software.
Nokia bringing P2P to phones Nokia researchers have developed a new peer-to-peer (P2P) scheme tailored specifically for mobile phones. Still in a development and testing phase, the network 
Freegate is not Trojan horse, says Symantec Symantec is to stop classifying a software utility that enables Chinese surfers to view blocked websites as a Trojan horse. The reassessment follows stories earlier this week questioning the designation of 
Tired of Passwords? Replace Them With Your Fingerprint Microsoft has developed a convenient solution for replacing all those passwords with something you don #39;t have to worry about forgetting: your fingerprint.
Cricket: Symonds leads Aussies into last four LONDON : Andrew Symonds blasted a quickfire 71 not out as Australia beat New Zealand by seven wickets in the ICC Champions Trophy here at The Oval.
Sutton pairs Tiger, Phil at Ryder Cup BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. - The European team has enjoyed success at the Ryder Cup, but on Friday they must brace for a concerted American assault.
Swimmer issues crowd plea Alexandros Taxildaros is hoping to have a large home crowd behind him when he begins his Paralympic campaign next week. One of 12 swimmers who will be representing the host nation, he certainly 
Kuznetsova, Petrova Advance at Wismilak BALI, Indonesia - Svetlana Kuznetsova, fresh off her championship at the US Open, defeated Australian qualifier Samantha Stosur 6-4, 6-4 Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Wismilak International.
Vince Carter wants out of Toronto TORONTO - Vince Carter says he wants out of Toronto if the Raptors don #39;t start winning soon. The Raptors star said, in a letter to fans posted on his official website on Sept.
Yankees, Red Sox lock up on FOX com. With the American League East title hanging in the balance, the Yankees and Red Sox lock up on Saturday afternoon in the Bronx in one of the final five meetings of the season between 
Indonesian Editor Jailed Following Libel Conviction A court in Indonesia has sentenced the editor of a leading media group to a year in prison for libeling a controversial businessman.
Europeans expect "wounded" Tiger to pounce at Ryder Cup (AFP) AFP - A Tiger Woods is never more dangerous than when he is wounded.
N.Y. Firm Offers to Freeze Women's Eggs (AP) AP - Christy Jones says her idea for a business to freeze women's eggs came when her own biological clock alarm rang at age 32.
U.S. Signs Colorado River Protection Pact (AP) AP - Interior Secretary Gale Norton has signed an agreement with representatives of Arizona, Nevada and California to protect wildlife habitat on the Colorado River and aid native species.
Cricket: Aussies ease past NZ Australia thump New Zealand by seven wickets to move into the semi-finals of the Champions Trophy.
Deal Gets Clean Bill of Health Will Pacificare's deal with American Medical Security prove to be a lucrative link?
Philadelphia Fed Manufacturing Index Falls to 13.4 in September The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia #39;s index of regional manufacturing fell to 13.4 this month from 28.5 in August. The reading is lower than the median forecast of 25 in a Bloomberg News survey of 56 economists.
Soros Hedge Fund Chief Resigns Jacob Goldfield has resigned as chief investment officer of George Soros #39; \$8.3 billion hedge fund to start his own investment management company.
Six Flags To Open Water Park In Gurnee GURNEE (CBS 2) In light of everything that #39;s happening in Florida, and along the Gulf Coast, a hurricane-themed attraction is certainly timely for Great America.
Murdoch #39;s Pay Rises 42 to \$17 Mln as Fox TV Gains (Update2) News Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch #39;s pay rose 42 percent to \$17 million as television shows such as American Idol #39; #39; and viewer gains at the FX cable network lifted profit in fiscal 2004.
 #39;Skills Lost Forever If Jaguar Plant Shuts #39; - MP A Labour MP who used to work for luxury carmaker Jaguar said today that vital manufacturing skills will be lost forever if the firms owners close one of its three UK plants.
Intel discloses WiMAX silicon plans SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corporation recently disclosed key technical details of its upcoming wireless broadband chip for WiMAX products, which will enable long-distance, high-speed wireless Internet access for homes and businesses.
Kuznetsova, Petrova advance at Wismilak Svetlana Kuznetsova, fresh off her championship at the US Open, defeated Australian qualifier Samantha Stosur 6-4, 6-4 Thursday to reach the quarterfinals of the Wismilak International.
Britain Defends Legality of Iraq Invasion Britain says it disagrees with the assessment of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan that the invasion of Iraq was illegal. Fresh controversy has erupted over the legality of the US-led invasion of Iraq last year 
Briton among three men seized by Iraq gunmen Gunmen have kidnapped a Briton and two Americans from a house in an affluent central Baghdad neighbourhood, the latest in a nearly six-month campaign of abductions of foreigners in Iraq.
Indonesian magazine editor sentenced to year in prison in libel &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA, Indonesia: A court on Thursday sentenced the editor of Indonesia #39;s leading news magazine to a year in prison on libel charges, in what critics said was a setback for press freedom.
DOT dismisses privacy complaint against Northwest The airline did nothing wrong when it shared passenger data related to the Sept. 11 attacks, the agency rules.
Kiwi helping build browser Well someone #39;s forgotten to tell Ben Goodger and his team at the Mozilla Foundation because this Kiwi software engineer is taking market share from Internet Explorer (IE) with Firefox, the 
Vodafone launches second phone-form BlackBerry Research In Motion and Vodafone have released the BlackBerry 7100v, available exclusively for Vodafones subscribers. Like the 7100t launched earlier this month with T-Mobile USA Inc.
Four years older, and wiser THE Sydney Paralympics brought record ticket sales, television ratings, a new batch of sporting heroes. And then, without warning, came the shame.
Another GMail Notifier: GMNotifier Another GMail Notifier: GMNotifier\\Google already released their own version of GMail notifier. However, people find it to be pretty basic. So, the market of unofficial notifiers is still hot. And here is another one of those nifty utilities that makes GMail more fun than it already is! What is different ...
Mass. Launches Computerized Medical Files (AP) AP - Doctors in Massachusetts would be able to access patients' records from any hospital or clinic in the state by computer under an initiative announced Monday.
FindWhat and BizJournals Ink Search Advertising Deal FindWhat and BizJournals Ink Search Advertising Deal\\FindWhat.com today announced an exclusive search engine advertising relationship with Bizjournals, the nation's largest publisher of metropolitan business newspapers and popular business news website publisher.\\Under the terms of the exclusive search advertising distribution agreement, FindWhat.com will supply Bizjournals.com and each of its 41 local ...
Terror Incidents in Russia Since 1995 (AP) AP - A list of major terrorist incidents blamed mostly on Chechen militants since 1995:
Seattle Tackle Jones Misses Training Camp (AP) AP - After opening week, the sharpest criticism Seattle coach Mike Holmgren had for tackle Walter Jones was that he sometimes let the pocket get too close to quarterback Matt Hasselbeck.
Net Virus Turf War Resumes After Rival's Arrest (Reuters) Reuters - A new virus outbreak emerged on Thursday\that packs a baffling message: a photograph of accused German\virus author Sven Jaschan that security officials believe to be\a geeky taunt from a rival gang of computer programmers.
U.S. groups accuse China of failing to stop intellectual property abuses (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - Adding to pressure for China to stop rampant product piracy, two major U.S. business groups complained Thursday that abuses are getting worse and warned that lack of patent and copyright protection is hurting high-tech investment.
Aliant employees in Atlantic Canada vote to end lengthy strike (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - HALIFAX (CP) - Employees of Atlantic Canada's largest telecommunications company voted Thursday to return to work, ending a bitter labour battle that kept them on the picket lines for almost five months.
Mickelson Again Missing for Final Ryder Practice  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup fans  were again denied the chance to see world number four Phil  Mickelson in practice Thursday, 24 hours before golf's most  intense team event gets under way at Oakland Hills.
Hawks Ink Free Agents Kenny Anderson, Jon Barry  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Hawks signed free  agent guards Kenny Anderson and Jon Barry on Thursday. Terms of  the contracts were not disclosed.
U.S. Philly Fed Reports Factories Slow  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Factory activity in the U.S.  Mid-Atlantic region slumped in September to its lowest level in  more than a year, a survey showed on Thursday, spurring fears  the economy's summer soft patch could extend into the fall.
Net Virus Turf War Resumes A new virus outbreak emerged on Thursday that packs a baffling message: a photograph of accused German virus author Sven Jaschan that security officials believe to be a geeky taunt from a rival gang of computer programmers.
US, EU Haggle Over Subsidies to Aircraft Companies Trade officials from the United States and the European Union haggled over subsidies for aircraft companies on Thursday in Brussels, but came to no agreement on the issue.
Can Kodak Click With IBM? Is Eastman Kodak (NYSE: EK) getting close to being picture-perfect? It hasn #39;t been hard for anyone to get the fact that Kodak needs to do some pretty fancy footwork to survive 
Boeing Unit to Sell Hawaiian Air Claim Boeing Capital Corp., the finance unit of aircraft maker and aerospace defense systems provider Boeing Co., said Thursday that the recent agreements reached on its claims against insolvent Hawaiian Airlines will not affect the company #39;s earnings or cash 
Airespace wins IBM deal for Wi-Fi service Airespace, a Silicon Valley start-up that sells telecommunications gear, has won a partnership with IBM that #39;s intended to help the smaller company grab a piece of the growing market for Wi-Fi services, the two companies told Reuters Wednesday.
Trulli makes quick switch to Toyota Italian driver Jarno Trulli got behind the wheel of a Toyota for the first time on Thursday just hours after being confirmed as one of the team #39;s new drivers for the 2005 Formula One season.
ESPN.com news services MILWAUKEE -- Fans following Barry Bonds #39; quest for career home run No. 700 have been thinking ahead, as in of course he #39;s going to hit it, but when?
Iraq war illegal, says Annan WASHINGTON: UN Secretary General Kofi Annan threw the diplomatic world into a tizzy on Wednesday by bluntly declaring that the US decision to invade Iraq in March 2003 was illegal.
Hawks Ink Free Agents Kenny Anderson, Jon Barry (Reuters) Reuters - The Atlanta Hawks signed free\agent guards Kenny Anderson and Jon Barry on Thursday. Terms of\the contracts were not disclosed.
Former Shell Chairman Appeals Censure (AP) AP - The former chairman of Royal Dutch/Shell Group, Sir Philip Watts, petitioned a British regulatory body for permission to challenge some of its findings on Shell's oil reserves scandal.
Sudan's southern rebels deny involvement in crisis in Darfur region (AFP) AFP - The rebel Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) strongly denied a Sudan government allegation that the group and its leader John Garang are involved in the conflict in the western Darfur region.
Inflation Mild; Phila. Factories Sluggish  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices barely budged  in August and activity at mid-Atlantic factories slumped this  month, according to reports on Thursday seen as boosting  chances of a pause later this year in the Federal Reserve's  drive to raise interest rates.
Only Great White Shark at Calif. Aquarium (AP) AP - The Monterey Bay Aquarium has an unusual visitor that experts are hoping will be a permanent houseguest: a great white shark.
Stocks Rise on Mild Inflation  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Thursday as data  showing inflation slowed last month boosted investors' hopes  that the Federal Reserve will keep to its course of measured  interest rate hikes.
Havas Mulls Bollore Board Seats  PARIS (Reuters) - Havas said it may give board seats to  investor Vincent Bollore, who has been amassing shares in the  French advertising firm amid growing speculation it might be  sold.
Why You Hate, and Like, Social Security Is Social Security an important part of civilized society, or just another form of welfare?
The Tech Inventory Hair Ball When each company in a food chain has an inventory glut, look out below.
Gottschalks Gets a Lift The California department store operator might look interesting to acquirers.
Glimpse at Swollen Stars Presages Earth's Demise (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Today's global warming nbsp;is nothing compared to what astronomers have just seen through the time machine nbsp;of a telescope.
Oil companies assess Ivan damage DALLAS (CBS.MW) -- Oil and gas field operators in the Gulf of Mexico and onshore refiners said Thursday the weather is now calm enough to begin the arduous task of damage assessments after Hurricane Ivan steamrolled through the region.
Consumer Prices Climb; Jobless Claims Up Consumer prices barely budged in August, suggesting that inflation isn #39;t currently a problem for the economy and Federal Reserve policy-makers can stick with a gradual approach to raising interest rates.
United Airlines CEO Sees Job Losses The head of UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines on Thursday said the airline #39;s restructuring plan would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was not yet clear how many.
UK Group Accuses Apple of Overpricing iTunes The price of music downloads has been a contentious issue among fans in the UK, who are quick to point out the pricing scheme often means that downloading a full album costs more than buying the CD.
Amazons A9 Web search makes debut SAN FRANCISCO - Amazon.com Inc. unveiled the new version of its Web search service on Wednesday in a move that could portend a long-anticipated clash between online retailers and search providers like Google Inc.
Research in Motion sets Vodafone BlackBerry pact Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it will introduce the newest version of its popular BlackBerry wireless email device in Europe and 
Critical JPEG security flaw leaves Windows users vulnerable Microsoft issued a patch for what it says is a  quot;critical quot; security flaw in the way Windows programs handle JPEG images. According to a security bulletin accompanying the patch, the flaw 
Nose-Driven  #39;Nouse #39; Helps Disabled Surf Web called a  quot;nouse quot; -- works by using tracking software linked to a webcam that identifies a group of 25 pixels which are the tip of the nose.
Bush, Kerry Go Head to Head on Science Sept. 15, 2004 - The respected science journal Nature posed 15 questions to President George W. Bush and Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry on key science issues.
Hawks sign Anderson, Jon Barry ATLANTA - Less than a month before training camp, the Atlanta Hawks added some depth to a very shaky backcourt Thursday by signing veteran free agents Jon Barry and Kenny Anderson.
Indonesian Magazine Editor Found Guilty of Libel A court on Thursday sentenced Tempo magazine editor Bambang Harymurti to one year in prison for defamation and  quot;inciting unrest quot; in a case watched by press freedom advocates here and abroad.
British man gunned down in Saudi Arabia RIYADH, Saudi Arabia -- Saudi police are seeking two young men in the killing of a Briton in a Riyadh parking lot, the Interior Ministry said today, and the British ambassador called it a terrorist attack.
Zidane sidelined for three weeks after dislocating shoulder Zinedine Zidane is expected to be out of action for three weeks after dislocating his right shoulder during Real Madrid #39;s 3-0 loss to Bayer Leverkusen, the Spanish team said Thursday.
Programs Column: Detective Drew Returns to Her Roots  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - It's hard to make a  best-selling story into a successful computer game. Unlike a  book or even a movie, the narrative of a game can be halting  and convoluted because the player, not the author, controls the  action.   
Putin, at Odds with West, Rules Out Chechen Talks  ASTANA (Reuters) - Russian President Vladimir Putin on  Thursday ruled out negotiations with Chechen rebels after the  Beslan school bloodbath, further straining ties with Western  leaders who are pressing for a political solution to Chechnya.
Column: Game Offers Peek at Presidential Politics  PROVIDENCE, R.I. (Reuters) - Can't wait for the U.S.  presidential election? Think you can run a campaign better than  the handlers for George W. Bush or John F. Kerry?
20,000 American Indians to March at National Museum Opening Across the Americas, Native Americans are preparing for Tuesday's opening powwow in Washington, D.C. #151;the largest such gathering in recent times.
Pre-Inca Ruins Emerging From Peru's Cloud Forests In the Andes mountains, forests cloak the ruins of a pre-Inca civilization, the size and scope of which archaeologists are only now beginning to understand.
Egyptian Animals Were Mummified Same Way as Humans A new study suggests the ancient Egyptians put as much care into mummifying some cats, birds, and other animals as they did into preserving human corpses.
At New American Indian Museum, Artifacts Are "Alive" Many Native Americans believe exhibits at the soon-to-open Smithsonian museum in Washington are literally alive #151;some masks are even fed cornmeal. &lt;i&gt;Includes photo gallery.&lt;/i&gt;
Hurricane Ivan Blasts Alabama, Kills 11 GULF SHORES, Ala. - Hurricane Ivan slammed into the Gulf Coast early Thursday with 130 mph wind, launching tornadoes, washing out a major bridge and hurling metal signs through the night...
Anwar Vows to Campaign for Reforms (AP) AP - Former deputy prime minister Anwar Ibrahim says he will not give his opponents in Malaysia any excuse to put him behind bars again, but he vowed to keep campaigning for democratic reforms.
Sun-Microsoft deal raises Open Office questions (MacCentral) MacCentral - Microsoft Corp. on Wednesday said that it is looking for ways to work more closely with developers of the Open Office open source project, while at the same time, apparently reserving the right to sue them, according to a legal agreement between Microsoft and Open Office's major sponsor, Sun Microsystems Inc., made public this week.
Unfinished Business Piles Up in Congress (AP) AP - For the fourth straight election year, people tired of all the politicking and politicians tired of all the campaigning face the prospect of Congress returning after Election Day for an unpopular lame-duck session.
Hawaiian secures critical lease agreement with Boeing Hawaiian Airlines has wrestled a lease agreement from Boeing Capital Corp., after nearly two years of negotiations, adding a vital link in the chain of events as it attempts to get out of bankruptcy by the end of this year.
Smithsonian To Add \$60-Million Ocean Hall The Smithsonian #39;s National Museum of Natural History announced plans to create a 28,000-square-foot Ocean Hall as part of a new Smithsonian Ocean Science Initiative.
IBM Expands RFID offerings MARKHAM, Ont., Sept. 16 - IBM Canada has announced a suite of services to speed the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial companies and mid-market businesses.
Another day without practice for Phil BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. -- Phil Mickelson skipped a practice for the second straight day on Thursday, 24 hours before the Ryder Cup gets under way at Oakland Hills.
Hughes delighted with Blackburn Rovers Football Club The former Rovers striker has signed a two-year contract at Ewood Park, with the option to extend the deal by twelve months should both parties agree.
Afghan President Escapes Attack Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai was forced to cancel a trip to a provincial capital after a rocket hit near the landing site for his helicopter.
'Monday Night Football' to Use Air Delay (AP) AP - "Monday Night Football" will be broadcast on a five-second delay for the rest of the season, a reaction to the furor caused by last season's Super Bowl halftime show.
Chinese Web Search Site Baidu Acquires Hao123 (Reuters) Reuters - Baidu.com Inc., China's biggest\Internet search site, on Thursday said it had acquired\Hao123.com, a popular Chinese search directory, as Baidu seeks\to fend off global players now eyeing the Chinese market.
United Airlines CEO Sees Significant Job Losses  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The head of United Airlines parent UAL  Corp. said on Thursday the airline's restructuring plan would  lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was not yet  clear how many.
Bush, Kerry on Issue of National Security (AP) AP - Three times a week, The Associated Press picks an issue and asks Republican President Bush and Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry a question about it. Today's question and responses:
The \$5.35 Software Bargain Those looking at Lawson Software's long-term potential will like what they see.